Question 1:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The reception of Keshni Kashyap's book Tina's Mouth has been very good. Many reviewers have
______ the book, and it won the Asian/Pacific American Award for Literature.

A. blamed
B. misunderstood
C. applauded
D. overlooked
Answer: C

Question 2:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The Apollo Moon landings (1969–1972) brought charged particle detectors and equipment too
heavy for liftoff to the Moon and produced large amounts of data, much of which was stored on outdated
technologies. A data-transfer project is making the data available again, thereby _____ the Apollo data’s
usefulness, as the data are used to study the long-term effects of being on the Moon.

A. renewing
B. persisting
C. exceeding
D. installing
Answer: A

Question 3:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

In 1637, mathematician Pierre de Fermat first proposed a conjecture, known as Fermat’s Last
Theorem, that no three positive integers a, b, and c satisfy the equation a^n + b^n = c^n for any integer value
of n greater than 2. Mathematicians were _____by it until Andrew Wiles, in 1994, provided a verified proof for
the theorem, making the mathematical community agree with this conjecture.

A. indoctrinated
B. confounded
C. appeased
D. disregarded
Answer: B

Question 4:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Wireless headphones and other small electronic devices sometimes use batteries that can’t be
taken out and swapped for new ones. Environmental policy researcher Jessika Richter warns that once these
internal batteries stop working, the devices become _______ and are typically thrown away, creating harmful
waste.

A. useless
B. valuable
C. familiar
D. attractive
Answer: A

Question 5:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Text corpora such as the British National Corpus are large collections of electronically stored texts
that can be used to determine the frequency of ______ words. (Words used mainly in specialized or academic
publications, on the other hand, tend to be poorly represented.) A corpus could reveal, for example, that the
word "world" is the eighth most commonly used noun in standard English.

A. trivial
B. conventional
C. profound
D. accidental
Answer: B

Question 6:
Which choice completes the text with most logical and precise word or phrase?

In the 2010s, the price of vintage Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles action figures rose dramatically,
which had the counterintuitive effect of ____ demand: buyers who hadn't previously wanted to purchase old
action figures thronged the market, believing prices would continue to rise and the toys could be resold later
at a profit.

A. monetizing
B. appraising
C. engendering
D. exploiting
Answer: C

Question 7:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Domesticated thousands of years ago in South America, the potato deviates structurally from the
wild plant it is descended from. Summer squash differs even more from its own ancestor, which had a hard
rind and bitter flesh. Indigenous people in eastern North America selectively bred the crop until it _____ the
soft rind and mild-tasting flesh that now characterize it.

A. inspired
B. acquired
C. surrendered
D. retrieved
Answer: B

Question 8:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

In the decades after Mexico won its independence from Spain, literature became a medium through
which the new nation _____ its autonomous identity, with authors like Manuel Payno and Justo Sierra Méndez
helping to shape what would become a distinctly Mexican literary tradition.

A. overcame
B. realized
C. decried
D. evaded
Answer: B

Question 9:
As used in the text, what does the word “essentially” most nearly mean?

The following text is from Jorge Luis Borges’s 1971 short story The Congress, translated by Andrew
Hurley.
I can tell that I am growing old; one unequivocal sign is the fact that I find novelty neither interesting nor
surprising, perhaps because I see nothing essentially new in it—it’s little more than timid variations on what’s
already been.
©1998 by Maria Kodama.
Translation ©1998 by Penguin Putnam Inc.

A. Superficially
B. Ambivalently
C. Fundamentally
D. Frequently
Answer: C

Question 10:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Ecologist Ezequiel Ezcurra and colleagues found that the inhabitants of the Mexica empire used
natural landmarks to track time with a high degree of ______. By observing the sun's position in relation to
various points on the mountains surrounding the Basin of Mexico, the Mexica were able to precisely identify
the dates when significant events such as solstices occurred.

A. precariousness
B. exactitude
C. resilience
D. inconspicuousness
Answer: B

Question 11:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Ancient Greek and Roman sculpture is sometimes characterized as idealizing human subjects, but
in fact there are many Greco-Roman sculptures that depict people in decidedly _______ ways.

A. imprecise
B. unflattering
C. superficial
D. implausible
Answer: B

Question 12:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The National Heritage Fellowship was created to publicly _____ exceptional folk and traditional
artists in the United States. In 1995, the fellowship was given to the Navajo (Diné) basket weaver Mary
Holiday Black to celebrate her lifetime contributions to the arts.

A. startle
B. recognize
C. familiarize
D. convey
Answer: B

Question 13:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Some pieces of music might have many meanings—the compositions of Nancy Seward can _______
as many different interpretations as there are people to listen to them—and so as long as a listener’s
interpretation isn’t willfully absurd or the result of inattention, it is difficult to justify the claim that the listener
has misunderstood the piece.

A. yield
B. refute
C. partition
D. counteract
Answer: A

Question 14:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Run by researchers in multiple countries, the Study on Global Ageing and Adult Health (SAGE) is an
examination of aging that has attempted to track approximately 66,000 people for several years. Long-
running studies like this need a lot of participants not merely for statistical robustness but also because of
_____: over such a length of time, a substantial number of participants will withdraw or fall out of contact
with the researchers.

A. Impartiality
B. Replicability
C. Attrition
D. Circumspection
Answer: C

Question 15:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Some cities estimate where sidewalks are located using road maps, which is not very accurate.
Maryam Hosseini and her team trained a computer program to identify sidewalks in aerial images of
Manhattan and used it on images of Chicago. The program’s performance was ______ to that of the road-map
method: it more accurately identified sidewalks, and it even distinguished between concrete and brick.

A. metamorphosed
B. ancillary
C. tantamount
D. preeminent
Answer: D

Question 16:
As used in the text, what does the word “placed” most nearly mean?

The following text is from Charles Chesnutt’s 1905 novel The Colonel’s Dream. Mr. French and Mr.
Kirby work together.Mr. French, the senior partner, who sat opposite Kirby, was an older man—a safe guess
would have placed him somewhere in the debatable ground between forty and fifty; of a good height, as
could be seen even from the seated figure, the upper part of which was held erect with the unconscious ease
which one associates with military training.

A. halted
B. arranged
C. enlisted
D. gauge
Answer: D

Question 17:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The Rasalhague Manuscript—a set of stellar maps depicting constellations discovered in present-
day Iraq and originating approximately 3,500 years ago—is regarded as scientific documentation today, but
how contemporary observers interpreted the manuscript is _____. They might have viewed the manuscript in
terms similar to scientific records as understood today, yet it remains equally plausible that they did not—we
simply cannot say for certain.

A. indeterminate
B. incontrovertible
C. unremarkable
D. immutable
Answer: A

Question 18:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The dinosaur displays at museums such as the Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago (which
has a mounted Apatosaurus skeleton among its holdings) are notable for the ____ of the research behind
them—the museum staff consulted numerous sources to ensure the accuracy of the displays.

A. rigor
B. obscurity
C. shallowness
D. novelty
Answer: A

Question 19:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Although Hawaiian literature is highly heterogeneous in many ways, it is also characterized by
considerable thematic _____; scholars have drawn connections linking works by writers such as Mary
Kawena Pukui and Lee Tonouchi to the traditional stories of the Kānaka Maoli, the Native Hawaiian people.

A. continuity
B. subtlety
C. sophistication
D. innovation
Answer: A

Question 20:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Though most hoaxes perpetrated as jokes by mischievous users of Wikipedia, an online
encyclopedia that almost anyone can freely edit, have quickly been detected and removed, a few fictitious
entries, such as those for the town of Stone Ridge, Maryland, and the 18th-century forestry magnate
Guillermo Garcia, persisted on the site for many years before they were finally recognized as ___ and deleted.

A. analyses
B. fabrications
C. enhancements
D. revelations
Answer: B

Question 21:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

British painter Peter Edwards has a ___ painting portraits of notable figures from a variety of
different fields. These characteristic works include his esteemed portraits of writer Maud Sulter and soccer
player Bobby Charlton.

A. complaint about
B. question about
C. requirement for
D. reputation for
Answer: D

Question 22:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Archaeologists have identified a plethora of beads fashioned from Tivita gibbosula shells in many
Middle Stone Age (MSA) sites across western North Africa, including El Mnasra Cave, Morocco. In a 2021
paper, El Mehdi Sehasseh et al. attribute these artifacts’________ to the evolution and propagation of
symbolic behavior (e.g., use of personal ornaments) in humans and the availability of T. gibbosula during the
MSA.

A. expediency
B. fecundity
C. ubiquity
D. heterogeneity
Answer: C

Question 23:
As used in the text, what does the word “end” most nearly mean?

The following text is adapted from Jhumpa Lahiri’s 2003 novel The Namesake. Gogol has recently
begun working at an architecture firm in New York.
His contributions are incidental, and never fully his own: a stairwell, a skylight, a corridor, an air-conditioning
duct. Still, he knows that each component of a building, however small, is nevertheless essential, and he
finds it gratifying that after all his years of schooling, all his crits [reviews] and unbuilt projects, his efforts are
to have some practical end.

A. Limit
B. Delay
C. Decision
D. Purpose
Answer: D

Question 24:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Demosthenes, a prominent fourth-century BCE Athenian orator, is said to have been _____ of
parrhesia, or speaking freely and openly to ensure productive civic deliberation. He is noted for
characterizing parrhesia in several public addresses as the foundation of democracy in classical Athens
rather than, more simply, as a facilitator of the political system.

A. a proponent
B. a steward
C. an apprentice
D. a harbinger
Answer: A

Question 25:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Hard Times, painted in the realist style by Hubert von Herkomer, depicts a family waiting by the
roadside with their bundled possessions. The realists’ emphasis on accurately portraying the experiences of
average working people was largely a rejection of the romantic style evident in many paintings by Jean-Victor
Schnetz, which instead _____ their subjects’ positive traits, altering subjects to appear more beautiful or
heroic than they actually were.

A. apprehend
B. rectify
C. counteract
D. magnify
Answer: D

Question 26:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Domesticated thousands of years ago in South America, the potato deviates structurally from the
wild plant it is descended from. Summer squash, another domesticated crop from the Americas, doesn't
closely resemble any wild plant, and genetic research only recently ___ its ancestor to be the wild Johnny
gourd.

A. petitioned
B. revealed
C. encouraged
D. expanded
Answer: B

Question 27:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The National Heritage Fellowship was created to publicly _____ exceptional folk and traditional
artists in the United States. In 1995, the fellowship was given to the Navajo (Diné) basket weaver Mary
Holiday Black to celebrate her lifetime contributions to the arts.

A. startle
B. recognize
C. familiarize
D. convey
Answer: B