Question 1:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Often, the Nobel Prize in Chemistry is given to a single person, such as Richard Martin Willstätter in
1915. But sometimes the Nobel Committee wants to reward work attributed to two or three individuals, in
which case, the award is given ____. For instance, in 2020, Jennifer Doudna was among those awarded for
“the development of a method for genome editing.”

A. retroactively
B. ceremoniously
C. jointly
D. reluctantly
Answer: C

Question 2:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

A team of microbiologists measured surface temperatures of various wild mushrooms,
including Amanita muscaria and a species from the genus Thelephora. The temperatures ranged from 1.4 to
5.9°C lower than the temperature of the surrounding air, a difference the team ______ to water evaporating
from the mushrooms and thus cooling them.

A. conceded
B. prescribed
C. attributed
D. amended
Answer: C

Question 3:
As used in the text, what does the word “manifest” most nearly mean?

The following text is from a 1955 translation of Samuel Beckett’s 1951 novel Molloy (translated by
the author and Patrick Bowles). In the text, Molloy has arrived at the town ramparts, an elevated walkway
atop the city walls.And having cleared the ramparts I had to confess the sky was clearing, prior to its winding
in the other shroud, night. Yes, the great cloud was travelling, discovering here and there a pale and dying sky,
and the sun, already down, was manifest in the livid tongues of fire darting towards the zenith, falling and
darting again, ever more pale and languid, and doomed no sooner lit to be extinguished.

A. Situated
B. Perceptible
C. Realized
D. Dwindling
Answer: B

Question 4:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Like all hummingbirds, Heliodoxa jacula has high metabolic needs and is thus expected to prefer
flowers with copious nectar, but María A. Maglianesi et al. found that nectar volume poorly predicted
interaction frequencies between plants and hummingbirds, including H. jacula. If, they concluded, nectar
volume does in fact mediate hummingbirds’ foraging, its precise role remains _______ .

A. ephemeral
B. incredulous
C. incipient
D. elusive
Answer: D

Question 5:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Although analysts agree that nations hoping to lean more heavily on photovoltaic power must scale
up their storage infrastructure, they emphasize an additional benefit: keeping a sizeable energy reserve helps
cushion the system against the ________ in solar output that accompany fickle patterns of cloud and haze.

A. alignments with
B. evolutions of
C. oscillations in
D. inducements for
Answer: C

Question 6:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Although blanket media coverage seldom guarantees literary riches, broad ________ can
nevertheless propel a novel up the sales charts; a slick promotional blitz, for instance, catapulted Richard
Bachman’s The Regulators into the top-five best-seller list of 1996.

A. ingenuity
B. exposure
C. convolution
D. pragmatism
Answer: B

Question 7:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Though many ______ studies of the effect of altitude on blood chemistry focus on people who live
above sea level, researchers Suleiman A. Al-Sweedan and Moath Alhaj recently chose the novel path of
focusing on people who live below sea level, in locations such as the California towns of Salton City and
Coachella.

A. eccentric
B. meager
C. orthodox
D. random
Answer: C

Question 8:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word?

Ronyoung Kim creatively captures the Korean American immigrant experience in her novel Clay
Walls by writing about a family from three ___ perspectives. The first section of the novel is from the mother
Haesu’s perspective, the second is from the father Chun’s perspective, and the last is from the daughter
Faye’s perspective.

A. unintended
B. distinct
C. required
D. unknown
Answer: B

Question 9:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

It would not be productive for supporters of a proposal to increase the toll that drivers must pay to
use the Veterans Bridge, which spans the Southern Branch of the Elizabeth River in Virginia, to direct their
arguments at those drivers who strongly believe that the current toll is too high. There’s little point in trying to
______ someone whose mind is already made up.

A. identify
B. support
C. sway
D. ignore
Answer: C

Question 10:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Some pieces of music might have myriad meanings—the compositions of Rosa Guraieb lend
themselves to as many different interpretations as there are people to listen to them—and so as long as a
listener’s interpretation isn’t willfully absurd or the result of inattention, it is difficult to justify the claim that
the listener has ______ the piece.

A. extoled
B. placated
C. misconstrued
D. engendered
Answer: C

Question 11:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Domesticated thousands of years ago in South America, the potato deviates structurally from the
wild plant it is descended from. Summer squash, another domesticated crop from the Americas, doesn't
closely resemble any wild plant, and genetic research only recently ___ its ancestor to be the wild Johnny
gourd.

A. petitioned
B. revealed
C. encouraged
D. expanded
Answer: B

Question 12:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Originating in the traditional stories of the Kanaka Maoli, the Native Hawaiian people, the literature
of Hawaii has a rich history that was later brought to international prominence by writers such as Mary
Kawena Pukui. Now, by producing acclaimed works, Eric Chock has ___ his place in that literary tradition.

A. extricated
B. contemplated
C. subverted
D. solidified
Answer: D

Question 13:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The decline of the giant ground sloth, a species found throughout South America before it became
extinct around 8500 BCE, surely had a number of __________the larger ecosystem in which it existed. The
giant ground sloth was part of a complex food web with other organisms, and its disappearance likely
affected several other species.

A. sources in
B. consequences for
C. similarities to
D. precedents in
Answer: B

Question 14:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

During film's early years, those in the industry had a vested interest in elevating the new medium
beyond mere novelty. As Sumiko Higashi argues, some filmmakers understood that the commentary of film
critics was essential. By drawing similarities between film and established art forms like drama, these critics
were not just reviewing movies; they were strategically seeking the public's ______ for cinema as a legitimate
art form.

A. anathema
B. prevarication
C. disapprobation
D. approbation
Answer: D

Question 15:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

One way to evaluate the importance of a scholar’s research is to _____ other scholars’ references to
that research. For example, a count of other scholars' citations shows that Yale University economist
Xiaohong Chen, who studies statistical methods in economics, is referenced frequently, indicating that her
work has been significant in the field.

A. Enumerate
B. Transpose
C. Abridge
D. Circumvent
Answer: A

Question 16:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

In recent years, the technology startup industry in Lebanon has witnessed significant growth and
has become a magnet for investors. However, like any burgeoning industry, there are certain loopholes and
pitfalls that need to be addressed to ensure sustained growth and mitigate risks for investors. To tackle
these challenges, Lebanon has implemented a series of measures, which have successfully ______the fears
of investors.

A. repudiated
B. assuaged
C. amplified
D. designated
Answer: B

Question 17:
As used in the text, what does the word “suddenly” most nearly mean?

The following text is adapted from Kenneth Grahame’s 1908 novel The Wind in the Willows. The
Mole is dazed after briefly meeting a stranger while traveling with a friend.[The] Mole stood still a moment,
held in thought. As one wakened suddenly from a beautiful dream, who struggles to recall it, and can
recapture nothing but a dim sense of the beauty of it, the beauty! Till that, too, fades away in its turn.

A. Abruptly
B. Repeatedly
C. Voluntarily
D. Tenderly
Answer: A

Question 18:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

As with other river deltas, the Indus River delta is ____; it is a constantly evolving network of channels
and strips of land that change in size and shape as the river deposits new sedimentary particles where the
river meets the waters of the Arabian Sea.

A. dynamic
B. sustainable
C. immutable
D. unrivaled
Answer: A

Question 19:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Analysis of preserved plants cataloged in the Southeast Regional Network of Expertise and
Collections indicates that rising temperatures correlate with earlier leaf production, but such specimens
represent only brief moments in plants' overall development. ______ this research with studies involving live
plants would enable a fuller understanding of how these observed changes affect plant fitness.

A. Anticipating
B. Foregrounding
C. Categorizing
D. Complementing
Answer: D

Question 20:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Although Mistress and Maid, which depicts two women perusing a letter, is atypical of Johannes
Vermeer’s genre paintings (scenes of everyday life) in that its subjects are set against a plain background
instead of—as in A Lady Writing a Letter—a richly detailed one, the painting nonetheless ______ many
signature traits of Vermeer’s art, including use of the costly pigment ultramarine.

A. eschews
B. evinces
C. repudiates
D. predates
Answer: B

