Question 1:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Disproportionate emphasis on instances of invention, such as the emergence of potter's wheels
circa 4500 BCE, contributes to a pro-innovation bias that _______ studies of the history of technology. More
attention to technological discontinuance (e.g., the disappearance of Roman concrete as a construction
material around 500 CE) is thus a necessary corrective to the dominant view that innovations are steadily
and inevitably adopted.

A. pervades
B. foments
C. abridges
D. supersedes
Answer: A

Question 2:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

As the ______ the Danube River and the Black Sea, the Danube River deltaic system is a dynamic
habitat, continuously shaped and reshaped by the exchange of fresh water, sediments, nutrients, and
minerals where the river mixes with the sea.

A. accordance between
B. predecessor of
C. interface between
D. confines of
Answer: C

Question 3:
As used in the text, what does the word “display” most nearly mean?

The following text is adapted from John Matheus’s 1926 short story, “Mr. Bradford Teaches Sunday
School.” Mr. Bradford is driving through the countryside in Florida.The moss in the towering water oaks had
become enlivened with a verdant sheen of silver and hung like festoons of carnival or like funeral decorations
for the mourning of the dead. The pine green was resplendent. The bald cypresses spread themselves along
the water courses while the willows wept as they always did.Mr. Bradford was conscious of this gorgeous
display of nature.

A. Reproduction
B. Concealment
C. Pretentiousness
D. Exhibition
Answer: D

Question 4:
As used in the text, what do the words “carves” and “leaves” both most nearly mean?

The following text is adapted from Jhumpa Lahiri’s 2003 novel The Namesake. Gogol is an
elementary school student in Massachusetts.In art class, his favorite hour of the week, he carves his name
with paper clips into the bottoms of clay cups and bowls. He pastes uncooked pasta to cardboard, and
leaves his signature in fat brush strokes below paintings.

A. Marks
B. Passes
C. Turns
D. Follows
Answer: A

Question 5:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The results of randomized clinical trials testing the efficacy of common medical interventions
sometimes fail to _____ conclusions that practitioners reach based on their real-world observations of
patients. While there are several possible reasons for this, one is that practitioners may overlook
confounding variables that account for the results they attribute to the interventions in question.

A. implement
B. circumvent
C. corroborate
D. disseminate
Answer: C

Question 6:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The subscription model in which consumers who do not deliberately cancel their subscriptions
automatically pay recurring fees for access to products and services benefits retailers when consumer
passivity is high. Many of the 8.5 percent of subscribers who canceled their food and beverage subscriptions
in January 2022 had stopped valuing their subscriptions long before then, but sellers profited from these
customers’ __________ in the interim.

A. torpor
B. elasticity
C. evasion
D. brevity
Answer: A

Question 7:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The Iowa Writers' Workshop, an influential graduate program in creative writing, is often criticized for
promoting strict ______ conventional approaches to storytelling, and it's true that many graduates of the
program comply with narrative conventions, as Ayana Mathis does in The Twelve Tribes of Hattie. Yet others
reject them, as Justin Torres does in the innovative We the Animals.

A. obliviousness to
B. contempt for
C. indecision about
D. adherence to
Answer: D

Question 8:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The emphasis on accurately representing the experiences of average working people that is
characteristic of the realist style can be seen in The Gleaners, painted by Jean-Francois Millet, which depicts
peasants picking stray wheat from a field after the harvest. This style can thus be seen as an effort to
_______ what were regarded as the excesses of the romantic style evident in many paintings by Horace
Vernet, which instead exaggerated their subjects' beauty or heroism while hiding all imperfection.

A. understand
B. advance
C. counteract
D. accentuate
Answer: C

Question 9:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Kelp forests grow underwater along the eastern Pacific Coast. These underwater forests are
important to fish and other marine animals. Ocean currents can be powerful and rough, making it difficult for
animals to find safe places to hide from predators. The underwater forests slow down the currents. This
creates a more ___ environment with calmer waters where animals can take shelter.

A. surprising
B. dangerous
C. tranquil
D. imaginative
Answer: C

Question 10:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The minor planet 1095 Tulipa was named after the plant genus that includes tulips, but given the
sheer number of minor planets that have been discovered (more than 500,000 so far), most are given only an
identification number. Because any name given to a minor planet needs to be unique to that body, naming
each would be ____.

A. insuperable
B. presumptuous
C. ambiguous
D. customary
Answer: A

Question 11:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The sloping tile roofs and picturesque façade of Mission San Luis Obispo de Tolosa in San Luis
Obispo, California, exemplify the Spanish contribution to Californian architecture, an influence that is _____
throughout the state — architectural tourists visiting the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner Building in Los
Angeles, for example, can easily recognize how its style draws inspiration from the Spanish missions.

A. palpable
B. understated
C. corroborated
D. disputed
Answer: A

Question 12:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Maryam Hosseini and colleagues trained a computer program to identify sidewalks in aerial images
of Manhattan and used it on images of Washington, DC. Its performance on the images of Washington, DC,
was _____ that on images of Manhattan; the accuracy was nearly the same for both, and the program could
consistently distinguish whether the sidewalks were made of concrete or granite.

A. similar to
B. uncertain about
C. unique from
D. supportive toward
Answer: A

Question 13:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

One way to ___ the importance of a scholar’s research is to track how often other scholars refer to
that research. For example, Yale University economist Xiaohong Chen, who studies statistical methods in
economics, is among the world’s most frequently cited researchers in her field, indicating that her work has
been quite significant.

A. increase
B. measure
C. diminish
D. vary
Answer: B

Question 14:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Economists have long observed that firms in related industries tend to cluster in the same area, as is
the case in Birmingham, UK, where many initial iron and steel processing firms as well as iron and steel tube
manufacturers are located. The factors causing such clustering are ____; what drives firms in certain
industries to cluster may not be especially relevant among other industries.

A. unknown
B. variable
C. focused
D. impressive
Answer: B

Question 15:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Some cities estimate where sidewalks are located using road maps, which is not very accurate.
Maryam Hosseini and her team trained a computer program to identify sidewalks in aerial images of
Manhattan and used it on images of Chicago. The program’s performance was ______ to that of the road-map
method: it more accurately identified sidewalks, and it even distinguished between concrete and brick.

A. metamorphosed
B. ancillary
C. tantamount
D. preeminent
Answer: D

Question 16:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Lady Grant and colleagues ____ pots of sterilized soil with slurries of live microbes collected from
soil in five sites across Colorado, including areas of sagebrush and ponderosa pine forest. Grant and team
then grew mustard plants in the pots to see if the different microbial slurries affected levels of spicy
glucosinolates like indole in the plants' seeds.

A. sanitized
B. populated
C. precluded
D. estimated
Answer: B

Question 17:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The term “agglomeration economies” refers to the economic benefits enjoyed by firms in the same
industry that _____ in a region. For example, in the computer manufacturing industry in the United Kingdom,
firms that locate near one another can more readily take advantage of increased potential for information
sharing among firms that fosters greater technological innovation.

A. recur
B. dissipate
C. concentrate
D. terminate
Answer: C

Question 18:
As used in the text, what does the word "wander" most nearly mean?

The following text is from Jhumpa Lahiri’s 2003 novel The Namesake. Gogol, a child, is at a beach in
Massachusetts with his father.On the beach Gogol collects rocks, digs tunnels in the sand. He and his father
wander barefoot, their pant legs rolled halfway up their calves. He watches his father raise a kite within
minutes into the wind, so high that Gogol must tip his head back in order to see, a rippling speck against the
sky.

A. Enlarge
B. Vary
C. Disagree
D. Walk
Answer: D

Question 19:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The pinecone fish is among the 1.32% of marine species with confirmed bioluminescence. Many
glowing displays are subtle and brief, making detection difficult. However, advances in deep-sea exploration
technologies are likely to ______ the confirmation of bioluminescence in more marine species by enabling
observations of this ability in their natural habitats.

A. extrapolate
B. accelerate
C. recalibrate
D. navigate
Answer: B

Question 20:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Östersund, Sweden, was named a City of Gastronomy by UNESCO in 2010, a title that ______ that
Östersund has a unique and vibrant food culture worthy of celebration.

A. renounces
B. complains
C. discovers
D. denotes
Answer: D

