Question 1:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

To evaluate their ideas about environmental conditions in the Pliocene epoch, paleontologists must
turn to ______ evidence. Only material objects—such as the fossil remains of the individual known as AL
200-1, discovered in Ethiopia in 1975—can show whether a particular idea about the Pliocene is defensible.

A. physical
B. convenient
C. creative
D. inconclusive
Answer: A

Question 2:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The fact that publications by University of Minnesota economist Ellen R. McGrattan, who studies
financial policy, are so frequently cited in other scholars’ work _____ the usefulness of her research for her
peers—other economists clearly find her studies valuable for their own scholarship.

A. overshadows
B. underscores
C. belies
D. forestalls
Answer: B

Question 3:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

At a conference for aspiring children’s book illustrators, Will Clay, illustrator of such lauded works as
Little Eight John, was the subject of a presentation that was intended specifically to foster ______ the
techniques of successful illustrators sothat attendees could use that understanding to improve their own
work.

A. hesitancy about
B. exceptions to
C. insight into
D. obliviousness about
Answer: C

Question 4:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Despite a growing view among young people and others in South Africa that celebrated anti-
apartheid leader Nelson Mandela should have taken greater strides as president to effect more substantive
structural changes in the country’s stratified society, years after his death in 2013 Mandela continues to be
______ by many worldwide.

A. evaluated
B. reinterpreted
C. lauded
D. criticized
Answer: C

Question 5:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

There are many famous examples of election pollsters making inaccurate predictions in presidential
elections. But neuroscientist and election pollster Sam Wang has said that these prediction failures should
not lead campaigns to _____ election polling entirely. Polling is about more than just predicting the winner;
throughout campaigns, it helps strategists identify where their efforts are most likely to be effective.

A. distort
B. neglect
C. enact
D. supplement
Answer: B

Question 6:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Because iron-and-steel producers and cutlery manufacturers cluster so densely in Wolverhampton,
UK, policymakers often cite the city as evidence that firms in related sectors always co-locate for identical
reasons. Yet, as Giulia Faggio et al. show, such emblematic cases can actually ______ the diverse and often
weakly correlated forces that drive agglomeration in other industries.

A. elucidate
B. obfuscate
C. substantiate
D. enumerate
Answer: B

Question 7:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Although debates over aquatic thermoregulation usually pit true ectotherms (such as the Pacific
halibut) against regional endotherms (such as the yellowfin tuna), the basking shark falls in a murkier middle
ground: Haley R. Dolton et al. measured the shark’s body temperature at only 1.0–1.5 °C above ambient
seawater. That slim margin renders the basking shark’s role in these discussions almost ______ to the central
question of how fish retain metabolic heat.

A. dispositive
B. quintessential
C. homogeneous
D. tangential
Answer: D

Question 8:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Studying wrappers from discontinued candies, cover images from out-of-print magazines, and other
physical media from the past, media preservationists may seem like a frivolous pursuit, but ephemeral
objects like these are useful as ______ cultural change, revealing shifts in norms, values, and concerns that
traditional objects of historical inquiry may not.

A. pretexts for
B. conjectures about
C. manifestations of
D. inducements to
Answer: C

Question 9:
As used in the text, what does the phrase “reaching across to” most nearly mean?

The following text is adapted from Elizabeth von Arnim's 1922 novel The Enchanted April. Mrs.
Wilkins and her friend Rose are traveling in Italy.“I’m going to have one of these gorgeous oranges,” said Mrs.
Wilkins, staying where she was and reaching across to a black bowl piled with them. “Rose, how can you
resist them. Look—have this one. Do have this beauty—” And she held out a big one.

A. Joining with
B. Gaining on
C. Stretching toward
D. Arriving at
Answer: C

Question 10:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

According to a board-gaming website, the game Food Chain Magnate has an average website-user
rating of 8.2 out of 10. Although average ratings can be misleading when only a few users have rated the
game, Food Chain Magnate has been rated by over 9,000 users, which is an _____ number to feel confident
that the average rating is reliable.

A. insufficient
B. excessive
C. accurate
D. adequate
Answer: D

Question 11:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

In the early 1990s, the price of mass-produced comic books rose dramatically, which had the
counterintuitive effect of _____ demand: buyers who hadn’t previously wanted to purchase comics suddenly
thronged the market, believing prices would continue to rise and the comics could be resold later at a profit.

A. monetizing
B. precipitating
C. stabilizing
D. exploiting
Answer: B

Question 12:
As used in the text, what does the word "raise" most nearly mean?

The following text is from Jhumpa Lahiri's 2003 novel The Namesake. Gogol, a child, is at a beach in
Massachusetts with his father.He watches his father raise a kite within minutes into the wind, so high that
Gogol must tip his head back in order to see, a rippling speck against the sky. The wind whips around their
ears, turning their faces cold.

A. Strengthen
B. Lift
C. Praise
D. Group
Answer: B

Question 13:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Economist Jingting Fan emphasizes that the consumer gains from international trade are not evenly
distributed within a nation. Imported goods may be cheaper in principle, yet for residents hundreds of
kilometers from major ports, steep inland freight charges can lead to a complete ______ of any apparent price
advantage.

A. misconstruction
B. diminution
C. vitiation
D. vilification
Answer: C

Question 14:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Agglomeration economies arise when multiple firms in related industries ____ an area, as with iron
and steel production firms and cutlery and hardware manufacturers in Wolverhampton, UK. Economists have
assumed that companies cluster for the same reasons, but Giulia Faggio et al. found that factors driving
agglomeration in some cases are only weakly correlated with agglomeration in others.

A. intercede in
B. concur with
C. appeal to
D. amass in
Answer: D

Question 15:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The ____ of leaf-vein architectures—the branching venation of *Ginkgo biloba*, the hierarchical
netlike venation of *Clematis reticulata*, and others—likely resulted from competing selective pressures to
maximize fluid transport, photosynthesis, and robustness against herbivory. The associated trade-offs may
account for the range of adaptations in different lineages.

A. multifariousness
B. obstinacy
C. entanglement
D. culpability
Answer: A

Question 16:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Before the Mariner 2 mission completed a successful flyby of Venus in 1962, astronomers’ ideas
about the planet were little more than _____. Venus’s atmosphere is so thick that Earth-based observations
had yielded very little information about the planet.

A. conclusions
B. summations
C. conjectures
D. exemplifications
Answer: C

Question 17:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Fearing costly defamation lawsuits, the vintage-wine appraisal trade has turned into a _____ arena:
elite sommeliers refuse to commit their opinions to writing, and airtight nondisclosure contracts keep
appraisers mute.

A. opportunistic
B. clandestine
C. moralizing
D. xenophobic
Answer: B

Question 18:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Some social scientists argue that while a belief in the importance of reason and progress is key to
democracy, the public's understanding of history is also central to its subsequent comprehension of a state's
politics, and if an electorate is to function, historical issues cannot remain the dominion only of academics.
History is too ______ to leave to historians alone.

A. respectable
B. complex
C. accessible
D. critical
Answer: D

Question 19:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The Apollo Moon landings (1969–1972) brought charged particle detectors and equipment too
heavy for liftoff to the Moon and produced large amounts of data, much of which was stored on outdated
technologies. A data-transfer project is making the data available again, thereby _____ the Apollo data’s
usefulness, as the data are used to study the long-term effects of being on the Moon.

A. renewing
B. persisting
C. exceeding
D. installing
Answer: A

Question 20:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The tendency to group authors together into distinct literary movements often encourages literary
scholars to _____ subtleties in an author’s style. Those studying the works of Amos Bronson Alcott, for
instance, may inadvertently overlook nuances in his work by focusing only on the most obvious ways in
which his style corresponds to transcendentalism.

A. magnify
B. scrutinize
C. disregard
D. denounce
Answer: C

