Question 1:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The fossil remains of the individual known as Misliya-1, discovered in Israel in 2002, can help
paleoanthropologists not only ____ steps in the evolution of hominids but also illuminate the Pleistocene
epoch generally, revealing important details about the time in which Misliya-1 lived.

A. exploit
B. yield
C. prioritize
D. discern
Answer: D

Question 2:
As used in the text, what does the word “breathes” most nearly mean?

The following text is adapted from the 1895 poem “Ojistoh” by Emily Pauline Johnson, a
Kanienkahagen (Mohawk) writer also known as Tekahionwake.I am Ojistoh, I am she, the wifeOf him whose
name breathes bravery and lifeAnd courage to the tribe who calls him chief.I am Ojistoh, his white star, and
heis land, and lake, and sky—and soul to me.

A. Imparts
B. Relinquishes
C. Surrenders
D. Absorbs
Answer: A

Question 3:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

A speaker at a recent children's book publishing conference acknowledged the high quality of many
contemporary illustrators but argued that for an example of flawless execution, one must look to a master of
the craft. She contended that Jerry Pinkney's work for The Talking Eggs: A Folktale from the American
South represents a true ______ of the form, an achievement that many strive for but few attain.

A. encomium
B. sinecure
C. pastiche
D. paragon
Answer: D

Question 4:
As used in the text, what does the word “define” most nearly mean?

The following text is adapted from the 1895 poem “Shadow River” by Emily Pauline Johnson
(Tekahionwake). The speaker is looking at the reflections of plants in a river.The little fern-leaf, bendingUpon
the brink, its green reflection greets,And kisses soft the shadow that it meetsWith touch so fine,The border
lineThe keenest vision can’t define;So perfect is the blending.

A. Perceive
B. Abbreviate
C. Restate
D. Explain
Answer: A

Question 5:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The National Heritage Fellowship was created to honor exceptional folk and traditional artists in the
United States. One artist who received the fellowship is jazz violinist and guitarist Claude "Fiddler" Williams.
Williams was chosen for his lifetime ______ the arts.

A. misunderstandings of
B. imitations of
C. doubts about
D. contributions to
Answer: D

Question 6:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Based on the appearance of some of Los Angeles roof tiles, it can be seen that Mexican touches
are______. The architecture in other areas of Los Angeles also proves the influence of Mexican style on Los
Angeles architecture.

A. palpable
B. validated
C. peculiar
D. labyrinthine
Answer: A

Question 7:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Domesticated thousands of years ago by Indigenous people in South America, the tomatillo deviates
structurally from the wild plant it is descended from. Maize (com), another crop domesticated by Indigenous
Americans, shows so little ____to any wild plant that genetic research was necessary to confirm teosinte
grass as its ancestor.

A. resemblance
B. difference
C. distinction
D. relatedness
Answer: A

Question 8:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

A number of recording artists _____ distinctions between Indigenous music and other musical
styles. For example, Inuit singer-songwriter Tanya Tagaq incorporated throat singing into electronic music on
her album Tongues, and Tuvan Filipino singer-songwriter Pura Fé combined Indigenous rhythms and vocals
with R&B on her album Sacred Seed.

A. reject
B. disguise
C. replace
D. observe
Answer: A

Question 9:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Though not closely related, the hedgehog tenrecs of Madagascar share basic ______ true
hedgehogs, including protective spines, pointed snouts, and small body size—traits the two groups of
mammals independently developed in response to equivalent roles in their respective habitats.

A. examples of
B. concerns about
C. indications of
D. similarities with
Answer: D

Question 10:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

While some minor planets, such as 8649 Juglans (named for the walnut tree genus), receive
memorable names, the International Astronomical Union faces a significant logistical problem. With over
500,000 minor planets discovered and the strict requirement that each name be unique, the task of assigning
a distinct appellation to every new body presents a monumental organizational hurdle for the committee to
______.

A. foment
B. promulgate
C. prevaricate
D. surmount
Answer: D

Question 11:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Economist Jingting Fan cautions that the consumer gains from international trade are far from
uniform across a country. Imported goods often carry lower base prices, yet for households hundreds of
kilometers from deep-water ports, steep inland freight charges can render those putative savings ______.

A. nugatory
B. spurious
C. copious
D. tangential
Answer: A

Question 12:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Linguists studying the American continents are faced with a huge diversity of languages, from Mayo
in North America to Koreguaje in South America. The task of documenting them all is daunting; indeed, this
veritable ______ of distinct tongues complicates any attempt at a unified classification.

A. surfeit
B. paucity
C. equilibrium
D. schism
Answer: A

Question 13:
As used in the text, what does the figurative phrase “hew out” most nearly mean?

The following text is from Virginia Woolf's 1919 novel Night and Day. The text describes a gathering
of aspiring young artists and intellectuals.One person after another rose, and, as with an ill-balanced axe,
attempted to hew out his conception of art a little more clearly, and sat down with the feeling that, for some
reason which he could not grasp, his strokes had gone awry. As they sat down they turned almost invariably
to the person sitting next them, and rectified and continued what they had just said in public.

A. contemplate
B. contrict
C. expound
D. replicate
Answer: C

Question 14:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

A speaker at a recent children's book publishing conference noted that, while many illustrators do
excellent work, in her mind, no one has ever _____ Amos Ferguson's work as the illustrator of Under the
Sunday Tree: there is no better example of the form, according to the speaker.

A. convened
B. eclipsed
C. cited
D. augmented
Answer: B

Question 15:
As used in the text, what does the phrase “reaching across to” most nearly mean?

The following text is adapted from Elizabeth von Arnim’s 1922 novel The Enchanted April. Mrs.
Wilkins and her friend Rose are traveling in Italy.“I'm going to have one of these gorgeous oranges,” said Mrs.
Wilkins, staying where she was and reaching across to a black bowl piled with them. “Rose, how can you
resist them. Look—have this one. Do have this beauty.” And she held out a big one.

A. Joining with
B. Gaining on
C. Stretching toward
D. Arriving at
Answer: C

Question 16:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Indigenous Photograph is an organization whose mission is to ensure that images of Indigenous
people in the media are presented from Indigenous perspectives. The organization ____ this commitment by
promoting the world of artist Geremew Tigabu (Ethiopian, Amhara, and Tigre) and other prominent
Indigenous photographers who document and reflect Indigenous lives and experiences

A. Concludes
B. Explains
C. Precedes
D. Shows
Answer: D

Question 17:
As used in the text, what does the word “confirmed” most nearly mean?

The following text is adapted from Neera’s 1886 novel Teresa, translated by Martha King in
1998.Beyond the [porch] extended a piece of land, with some exaggeration called a garden. In truth, it had
some flower beds that at first sight confirmed the illusion, particularly at that time of year, since the pansies
were in bloom with their infinite shades, with the intense velvet of their dark leaves and the luminous silk of
their pale leaves.

A. Necessitated
B. Substantiated
C. Designated
D. Promised
Answer: B

Question 18:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

In the 1990s, conservationists began planting more than 500,000 native trees in the habitat of the
Azores bullfinch to boost the bird’s numbers. This approach was apparently _____; the Azores bullfinch’s
population size increased from as few as 100 birds at the end of the 1980s to around 1,300 in 2023.

A. successful
B. disastrous
C. amusing
D. costly
Answer: A

Question 19:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Consumers usually ________ rising prices of nonessential products, such as video games or jewelry,
by purchasing fewer of those products. When the prices fall, consumers usually react the opposite way, by
purchasing more of those products.

A. agree with
B. respond to
C. think of
D. differ from
Answer: B

Question 20:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Economic forecasters predict that by mid-2023 three of Asia’s largest energy firms may seek
bankruptcy protection—the clearest indication yet of the sector’s ____ as it reels from a sweeping
reorganization.

A. exorbitance
B. affluence
C. peril
D. convulsion
Answer: D

