Question 1:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Jessica Watson, who was the youngest person to sail nonstop and unassisted around the world,
undoubtedly accomplished much, but to gain a lasting place in our historical memory, there is little that can
______ being the first to do something. For example, people will always remember that Jeanne Baré was the
first woman to circumnavigate the world.

A. overreach by
B. prevail over
C. fluctuate with
D. constrain within
Answer: B

Question 2:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Because cyanobacteria and other microphytobenthos (MPB)—microscopic organisms inhabiting
tidal flats—are consumed by mussels as well as by certain shorebirds and fish, MPB are _____ estuary
ecosystems. Decreased MPB abundance, which may be caused by environmental stressors, thus has a
direct, negative impact on coastal food webs.

A. imperative for
B. emblematic of
C. subordinate to
D. interchangeable with
Answer: A

Question 3:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The tendency to group authors together into distinct literary movements often encourages literary
scholars to ______ subtleties in an author's style. Those studying the works of Antonio Machado, for instance,
may inadvertently overlook nuances in his work by focusing only on the most obvious ways in which his style
corresponds to the Generation of '98.

A. scrutinize
B. discount
C. denounce
D. magnify
Answer: B

Question 4:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Throughout the fiery 2023 climate-justice marches in Berlin, the coalition’s chants were unabashedly
uncompromising; but once its delegates secured seats at parliamentary hearings, the leadership prudently
chose to ___ the stridency of their language.

A. metamorphose
B. gild
C. wane
D. palliate
Answer: D

Question 5:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

New and interesting research conducted by Suleiman A. Al-Sweedan and Moath Alhaj is inspired by
their observation that though studies of the effect of high altitude on blood chemistry are ____, the effect on
blood chemistry of living in locations below sea level, such as the California towns of Niland and Heber, has
received comparatively little notice.

A. abundant
B. equivocal
C. sporadic
D. preliminary
Answer: A

Question 6:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Certain features are almost always included in the designs of mosques, like the ablution (ritual
cleansing) area, which is considered to be a ______ of mosque architecture. Even mosques that exhibit
elements of multiple architectural styles, such as the Al-Masjid an-Nabawi, which incorporates elements
from the Islamic, Ottoman, and Mamluk revivalist styles, will also include several of these standard features.

A. motivation
B. hallmark
C. rejection
D. duplicate
Answer: B

Question 7:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

It is hardly an exaggeration to characterize modern Hawaiian literature as having _______ the
traditional stories of the Kanaka Maoli, the Native Hawaiian people. In a variety of ways, Samuel Kamakau,
Kristiana Kahakauwila, and other acclaimed writers have drawn on these stories to craft a rich portrait of the
Hawaiian Islands and their people.

A. ruminated on
B. supplanted
C. forestalled
D. emanated from
Answer: D

Question 8:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Some features, such as the mihrab(or niche), are present in nearly every mosque. But mosques
often reflect multiple architectural styles, resulting in a unique ____ of those influences, as in the case of the
Sheikh Zayed Mosque, which combines element s from the Persian, Mughal, and Moorish styles.

A. fusion
B. dismissal
C. critique
D. simplification
Answer: A

Question 9:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Some paleontologists thought that a sudden shift toward an arid climate on the Australian continent
may have brought about the rapid extinction of several species of large kangaroos around 200,000 years
ago. However, new evidence that the change in conditions occurred well before those species went extinct is
forcing paleontologists to ____ that hypothesis.

A. revise
B. interpret
C. recollect
D. introduce
Answer: A

Question 10:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Writer Lydia Davis observed that while ______ literary forms, such as the poem, are recognizable as
such even as they evolve, there are rarer “intergeneric” forms that might, for example, use elements of both
fiction and essays to create something unclassifiable. Anne Carson’s long piece Nox arguably fits in this
category, since it straddles the line between prose and poetry.

A. neutral
B. equivocal
C. intermediate
D. orthodox
Answer: D

Question 11:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

In some of his sculptures, Allan Houser uses abstract geometric shapes to depict his subjects, a
departure from the style for which he was also known. For instance, his 1989 work Embrace is highly
abstract and therefore lacks the striking ______ of his other pieces, which portray familiar objects with such
lifelike precision that they seem almost real.

A. rhetoric
B. austerity
C. idiosyncrasy
D. verisimilitude
Answer: D

Question 12:
As used in the text, what does the word “anticipating” most nearly mean?

The following text is from Kenneth Grahame’s 1908 novel The Wind in the Willows. The Mole is
returning home after a visit to Mr. Badger’s house.As he hurried along, eagerly anticipating the moment when
he would be at home again among the things he knew and liked, the Mole saw clearly that he was an animal
of tilted field and hedgerow, linked to the ploughed furrow, the frequented pasture, the lane of evening
lingerings, the cultivated garden-plot.

A. Managing
B. Getting ahead of
C. Revealing
D. Looking forward to
Answer: D

Question 13:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Text corpora such as the Brown Corpus are enormous collections of electronically stored texts that
can be used for empirical testing of hypotheses regarding the frequency of typical word usage. For example,
a linguist who assumes that the word “know” appears quite often in written English could _____ that
assumption with data from a corpus: “know” is the eighth most commonly used verb.

A. substantiate
B. entail
C. transpose
D. refute
Answer: A

Question 14:
As used in the text, what does the word “placed” most nearly mean?

The following text is from Charles Chesnutt’s 1905 novel The Colonel’s Dream. Mr. French and Mr.
Kirby work together.Mr. French, the senior partner, who sat opposite Kirby, was an older man—a safe guess
would have placed him somewhere in the debatable ground between forty and fifty; of a good height, as
could be seen even from the seated figure, the upper part of which was held erect with the unconscious ease
which one associates with military training.

A. halted
B. arranged
C. enlisted
D. gauge
Answer: D

