Question 1:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The swordfish can swim very fast-up to 97 kilometers per hour (km/hr) —but it is significantly slower
than the frigatebird, which can fly at speeds up to 153 km/hr. The difference between these speeds is largely
________ of the fact that the features that make flight possible do less to limit top speeds than the features
suitable for swimming through water.

A. a consequence
B. an explanation
C. a repudiation
D. an objective
Answer: A

Question 2:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The American continents are home to a huge diversity of languages, from Mayo, found in places like
Mexico in North America, to Koreguaje, found in places like Colombia in South America. Much like the
continents themselves, the variety of native languages in the Americas is ____.

A. immense
B. unknown
C. ordinary
D. limited
Answer: A

Question 3:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The way in which individual elements are balanced within a photographic image tends to affect how
viewers perceive it: symmetry tends to give the elements equal importance, asymmetry emphasizes
differences, and radial balance (organizing the elements around a central point) emphasizes the center over
the periphery. What a photograph conveys is therefore largely _____ how it is balanced.

A. appropriated for
B. stymied by
C. predicated upon
D. beholden to
Answer: C

Question 4:
As used in the text, what does the word “essentially” most nearly mean?

The following text is from Jorge Luis Borges’s 1971 short story
The Congress, translated by Andrew Hurley.I can tell that I am growing old; one unequivocal sign is the fact
that I find novelty neither interesting nor surprising, perhaps because I see nothing essentially new in it—it’s
little more than timid variations on what’s already been.©1998 by Maria Kodama.
Translation ©1998 by Penguin Putnam Inc.

A. Superficially
B. Ambivalently
C. Fundamentally
D. Frequently
Answer: C

Question 5:
As used in the text, what does the word “raise” most nearly mean?

The following text is from Jhumpa Lahiri's 2003 novel The Namesake. Gogol, a child, is at a beach in
Massachusetts with his father.
He watches his father raise a kite within minutes into the wind, so high that Gogol must tip his head back in
order to see, a rippling speck against the sky. The wind whips around their ears, turning their faces cold.

A. Strengthen
B. Lift
C. Celebrate
D. Group
Answer: B

Question 6:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Although the government of the Soviet Union attempted to ________ Georgi Vladimov's novel Faithful
Ruslan, copies of the book circulated in secret among readers in several parts of the country.

A. import
B. replicate
C. suppress
D. Critique
Answer: C

Question 7:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Domesticated thousands of years ago by Indigenous people in South America, the tomatillo deviates
structurally from the wild plant it is descended from. Maize (com), another crop domesticated by Indigenous
Americans, shows so little ____to any wild plant that genetic research was necessary to confirm teosinte
grass as its ancestor.

A. resemblance
B. disparity
C. affinity
D. demarcation
Answer: A

Question 8:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Contesting claims that the massive increase in patents in recent decades has been ______ a rise in
technological innovation, Yuen Yuen Ang et al. show that truly novel patents—those, like a 2004 patent for a
robot with flexible structures, that combine previously unaffiliated technological domains—have been vastly
outnumbered by nonnovel patents (e.g., a 2011 patent for a mobile-phone holder).

A. occluded by
B. dissociated with
C. misconstrued as
D. tantamount to
Answer: D

Question 9:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Writer Lydia Davis observed that while ___ literary forms, such as the short story, are recognizable as
such even as they evolve, there are rarer "intergeneric" forms that might, for example, use elements of both
fiction and essays to create something unclassifiable. Anne Carson’s collection Float arguably fits in this
category, since it straddles the line between prose and poetry.

A. neutral
B. equivocal
C. intermediate
D. orthodox
Answer: D

Question 10:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Although fewer companies trade their stocks on the Cambodia Securities Exchange in Phnom Penh,
Cambodia, than on the stock exchanges in London, Mumbai, or Tokyo, the Cambodia Securities Exchange
has the advantage of being able to ______ relatively small companies in Cambodia: by connecting those
companies to investors with expertise about the country’s economic conditions, the Cambodia Securities
Exchange can help those companies thrive.

A. designate
B. nurture
C. preclude
D. assess
Answer: B

Question 11:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The unique subak water management system used to irrigate the rice paddy fields of the Indonesian
island of Bali has a rich cultural, philosophical, and historical significance dating back to the ninth century.
The many elements of subak—terraces, canals, and water temples—are ______: they are joined together into a
single cohesive unit.

A. informal
B. optional
C. outmoded
D. interconnected
Answer: D

Question 12:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Some cities track pedestrian activity to map their sidewalks, but this method often _______ sidewalks
few pedestrians use, resulting in incomplete maps. Maryam Hosseini and her team found that a computer
program trained to identify sidewalks in aerial images of Boston could also accurately identify sidewalks in
aerial images of Philadelphia and even distinguished between concrete and granite.

A. neglects
B. oversees
C. approves
D. detects
Answer: A

Question 13:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

While today's theater stages are often filled with props and scenery designed to immerse audiences,
this emphasis on visual spectacle is a relatively recent development. Before the 1600s, the dramatic
experience was centered on language and performance. The simple, unadorned stages of the era were thus
a ______ spirit to the poetic, text-driven plays, as both elements prioritized the spoken word over elaborate
visual aids.

A. profligate
B. taciturn
C. trenchant
D. kindred
Answer: D

Question 14:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Because fellow economists cite University of Minnesota scholar Ellen R. McGrattan’s work so
frequently, that citation record stands as compelling ______ of the usefulness her research holds for the field.

A. repudiation
B. corroboration
C. obloquy
D. equivocation
Answer: B

Question 15:
As used in the text, what does the word "suddenly" most nearly mean?

[The] Mole zstood still a moment, held in thought. As one wakened suddenly from a beautiful dream,
who struggles to recall it, and can re-capture nothing but a dim sense of the beauty of it, the beauty! Till that,
too, fades away in its turn.

A. Abruptly
B. Repeatedly
C. Voluntarily
D. Tenderly
Answer: A

Question 16:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Possessing an outstanding collection of public art, Chicago has everything from monumental
mosaics like Marc Chagall’s Four Seasons at sites like Chase Tower to innovative street art like Kashink’s
mural Be the Change You Wish To Seelocated on South Wabash Avenue. The ____ public art on display in the
city can thus satisfy any art lover.

A. breadth of
B. controversy over
C. confusion about
D. apathy toward
Answer: A

Question 17:
As used in the text, what does the word "undergone" most nearly mean?

TROFIMOV: Believe me, Anya, believe me! I'm not thirty yet, I'm young, I'm still a student, but I have
undergone a great deal! I'm as hungry as the winter, I'm ill, I'm shaken... and where haven't I been—fate has
tossed me everywhere!

A. Uncovered
B. Ignored
C. Experienced
D. Conveyed
Answer: C

Question 18:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The work of Tobias Gerstenberg et al. on tracking eye movements supports a theory that people
engage in _____ thinking when making causal judgments: when subjects were asked to look at two colliding
billiard balls and judge whether one caused or prevented the other’s movement through a gate, their eyes
looked at where the target ball would have gone if the ball that altered its path did not exist.

A. counterfactual
B. analogical
C. ambivalent
D. associative
Answer: A

Question 19:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Although Hawaiian literature is highly heterogeneous in many ways, it is also characterized by
considerable thematic ______; scholars have drawn connections linking works by writers such as Mary
Kawena Pukui and Gary Pak to the traditional stories of the Kanaka Maoli, the Native Hawaiian people.

A. subtlety
B. sophistication
C. continuity
D. innovation
Answer: C

Question 20:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The literary works of Alberto Wiggins and Ellen A. Gamier have traditionally been regarded as
distinct styles. In the future, however, scholars will _____ the nuances between these two writers, comparing
them as writers of the same school of stylistic expression.

A. discount
B. decry
C. postulate
D. scrutinize
Answer: A

