Question 1:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Players of online games are largely aware that the games collect their data, and they’re often willing
to trade some privacy for a fun experience. But the games are often quite ______ about what data they collect
and why. Because of this, data-privacy advocates are seeking to expand online players’ knowledge of data
collection practices and improve their ability to navigate privacy-setting features in games.

A. opaque
B. ambivalent
C. abrasive
D. outspoken
Answer: A

Question 2:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Despite stated claims of global relevance, much major research on income inequality performed in
the 2010s suffered from a myopic focus on a few countries in North America and Western Europe, partly due
to limited data availability. Researchers would later ____ this shortcoming after gaining new access to
administrative records located in nations in South America, such as Brazil, and Eastern Europe, such as
Russia.

A. emulate
B. espouse
C. redress
D. expunge
Answer: C

Question 3:
As used in the text, what does the word “place” most nearly mean?

The following text is from Lilliam Rivera’s 2020 novel Never Look Back. The text describes the
narrator arriving at his father’s apartment.
“Pops, I’m here!” I drop my bag and set my guitar case against a wall. I place my keys on the bowl right next
to the ceramic elephant Pops got me on one of his trips to Santo Domingo when I was a little kid.

A. Unlock
B. Put
C. Remove
D. Rank
Answer: B

Question 4:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

One popular theory of the origin of the Moon, the "big whack," posits that a protoplanet called Theia
collided with Earth, flinging debris into orbit that eventually coalesced into the Moon. Until recently, Theia
was ____, but researcher Qian Yuan and colleagues now claim to have identified pieces of the protoplanet in
the lowermost section of Earth's mantle.

A. vestigial
B. palpable
C. incontrovertible
D. conjectural
Answer: D

Question 5:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Long before he enrolled in film school, Diego considered the standard genre labels ______, baffled by
the idea that crafting documentaries and shooting comedies should demand different creative sensibilities.

A. provocative
B. stimulating
C. confusing
D. confining
Answer: D

Question 6:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Cuttlefish appear to be surprisingly ________ at exercising self-control: in a 2021 study conducted by
behavioral ecologist Alexandra Schnell, these cephalopods routinely demonstrated restraint by delaying
gratification, waiting for a favorite treat instead of instantly devouring a readily available meal.

A. manageable
B. awkward
C. competent
D. imaginative
Answer: C

Question 7:
As used in the text, what does the word "straight" most nearly mean?

The following text is from Jacqueline Woodson’s 2018 novel Harbor Me. In the novel, the narrator
and Esteban are classmates.
An hour after class started on that Friday, Esteban came in, his head down, his hair slicked wet against his
forehead, his Yankees cap dripping with rain. He walked straight to his seat without looking at the rest of us. I
watched him sink into his seat so sadly and heavily, it felt like the whole room shivered.

A. Justly
B. Directly
C. Merrily
D. Truthfully
Answer: B

Question 8:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The pronghorn can run very fast—up to 89 kilometers per hour (km/hr)—but it is significantly slower
than the frigatebird, which can fly at speeds up to 153 km/hr. The difference between these speeds is largely
____ of the fact that the features that make flight possible do less to limit top speeds than the features
suitable for running on land.

A. a consequence
B. an objective
C. a repudiation
D. an explanation
Answer: A

Question 9:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Whether the reign of a French monarch such as Louis VII or Henry V was historically consequential
or relatively uneventful, its trajectory was shaped by questions of legitimacy and therefore cannot be
understood without a corollary understanding of the characteristics without which the monarch would have
been forced to ______ the throne.

A. reciprocate
B. annotate
C. abandon
D. equalize
Answer: C

Question 10:
As used in the text, what does the word “truly” most nearly mean?

The following text is from Lilliam Rivera’s 2020 novel Never Look Back. The text describes the
narrator’s friend Pheus, a young musician, after finishing a performance during a church service. Pheus pulls
a handkerchief from his back pocket and wipes his forehead. I mime a quiet clap for him. He does a slight
bow and flashes his dimples. This is where Pheus truly shines. When Pheus is in front of an audience, it’s as
if he becomes another person, a more heightened version of himself.©2020 by Lilliam
Rivera

A. Really
B. Mildly
C. Implosively
D. Hardly
Answer: A

Question 11:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The 2023 anthology The Big Book of Cyberpunk contains among its 108 stories James Tiptree Jr.'s
1973 story "The Girl Who Was Plugged In" and Saad Hossain's story "The Chaos," first published in 2020. The
Big Book of Cyberpunk is more ______ than the cyberpunk anthology Mirrorshades, but the relatively limited
selection of stories in Mirrorshades is the work of a more judicious editor.

A. outmoded
B. discerning
C. succinct
D. inclusive
Answer: D

Question 12:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The sloping tile roofs and picturesque façade of Mission San Rafael Arcángel in San Rafael,
California, exemplify the Spanish contribution to Californian architecture, an influence that is palpable
throughout the state—architectural tourists visiting Santa Clara University in Santa Clara, for example, can
easily ______ how its style draws inspiration from the Spanish missions.

A. abate
B. apprreciate
C. obfuscate
D. perceive
Answer: D

Question 13:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Although fewer companies trade their stocks on the Cambodia Securities Exchange in Phnom Penh,
Cambodia, than on the stock exchanges in London,Mumbai, or Tokyo, the Cambodia Securities Exchange has
the advantage of being able to______ relatively small companies in Cambodia: by connecting those
companies to investors with expertise about the country's economic conditions,the Cambodia Securities
Exchange can help those companies thrive.

A. designate
B. nurture
C. preclude
D. assess
Answer: B

Question 14:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Though the Nobel Prize in Chemistry has gone to single individuals like Artturi Ilmari Virtanen in
1944, the Nobel Committee now seems less willing to exclusively ______ the archetype of the lone researcher.
By also recognizing collaborative efforts, such as Frederick Sanger’s team for their analyses of DNA
structure, the committee acknowledges that modern scientific success is usually achieved through direct
cooperation.

A. impugn
B. palliate
C. extirpate
D. countenance
Answer: D

Question 15:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Farmhouse Interior, painted in the realist style by Jan Hendrik Weissenbruch, depicts a peasant
woman knitting at a table while a cat sits underneath. The realists' emphasis on accurately portraying the
experiences of average working people was largely a rejection of the romantic style evident in many
paintings by Pierre-Auguste Cot, which instead ______ their subjects' positive traits, altering subjects to
appear more beautiful or heroic than they actually were.

A. rectify
B. counteract
C. magnify
D. apprehend
Answer: C

Question 16:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Although Hawaiian literature is highly heterogeneous in many ways, it is also characterized by
considerable thematic _____; scholars have drawn connections linking works by writers such as Mary
Kawena Pukui and Lee Tonouchi to the traditional stories of the Kānaka Maoli, the Native Hawaiian people.

A. linage
B. subtlety
C. urbanity
D. ingenuity
Answer: A

Question 17:
As used in the text, what does the word “guiding” most nearly mean?

The following text is from Kenneth Grahame’s 1908 novel The Wind in the Willows. The Rat is
looking for the Mole, his friend, in the woods.[The Rat] had patiently hunted through the wood for an hour or
more, when at last to his joy he heard a little answering cry. Guiding himself by the sound, he made his way
through the gathering darkness to the foot of an old beech tree.

A. Withdrawing
B. Presenting
C. Instructing
D. Steering
Answer: D

Question 18:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Proposals to raise the age at which retirees begin receiving government transfers of funds are
generally discussed in terms of the effects on transfer recipients, but Andria Smythe has argued that
delaying such transfers could ______ wealth creation among working adults by lengthening the period in
which they are providing financial support to their nonworking parents.

A. disparage
B. compound
C. outstrip
D. stymie
Answer: D

Question 19:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

A notable feature of the 2023 indie thriller Mirage Station is its knack for stirring strong emotions
despite a storyline that lacks even the most elementary _____; viewers must accept not one isolated
implausibility, but an unbroken succession of them.

A. believability
B. impact
C. narrative
D. tension
Answer: A

Question 20:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Béláné Mocsáry, who traveled solo to four continents in the early 1900s, undoubtedly accomplished
much, but her place in our historical memory is perhaps more_____than that of a noteworthy “first” such as
Adeline and Augusta Van Buren, who were the first women to ride solo motorcycles across the continental
United States, a deed for which they will always be remembered.

A. enduring
B. conspicuous
C. deserving
D. uncertain
Answer: D

