Question 1:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The Gleaners, painted in the realist style by Jean-François Millet, depicts peasants picking stray
wheat from a field after the harvest. The realists' emphasis on accurately portraying the experiences of
average working people was largely a rejection of the romantic style evident in many paintings by Horace
Vernet, which instead _____ their subjects’ beauty or heroism while hiding all imperfection.

A. counteract
B. contradict
C. rectify
D. accentuate
Answer: D

Question 2:
As used in the text, what does the word “exclusive to” most nearly mean?

The minor planet 935 Clivia was named after the plant genus that includes natal lilies. But most
minor planets are given only an identification number, both because there are over 500,000 such bodies
known at present and because any name chosen needs to be exclusive to that body: no two minor planets
are allowed to have the same name.

A. evocative of
B. peculiar to
C. typical for
D. superseded by
Answer: B

Question 3:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Gathering reliable climate records from high-altitude glaciers is notoriously difficult: scientists often
need decades of measurements before their data are precise enough to _____ environmentally significant
shifts.

A. effect
B. discern
C. envisage
D. withstand
Answer: B

Question 4:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Few sacred structures can be said to ______ the colossal scale of Delhi’s Swaminarayan
Akshardham temple, which, with seating and courtyard space for some 70,000 worshippers, ranks among
the world’s most expansive houses of prayer.

A. signify
B. obscure
C. downplay
D. rival
Answer: D

Question 5:
As used in the text, what does the word “deep” most nearly mean?

The following text is adapted from William Wordsworth’s 1798 poem “Lines Written a Few Miles
above Tintern Abbey”Once againDo I behold these steep and lofty cliffs,Which on a wild secluded scene
impressThoughts of more deep seclusion; and connectThe landscape with the quiet of the
sky

A. Tough
B. Hideous
C. Complicated
D. Intense
Answer: D

Question 6:
As used in the text, what does the word "manifest" most nearly mean?

The following text is from a 1955 translation of Samuel Beckett's 1951 novel Molloy (translated by
the author and Patrick Bowles). In the text, Molloy has arrived at the town ramparts, an elevated walkway
atop the city walls.And having cleared the ramparts I had to confess the sky was clearing, prior to its winding
in the other shroud, night. Yes, the great cloud was ravelling, discovering here and there a pale and dying sky,
and the sun, already down, was manifest in the livid tongues of fire darting towards the zenith, falling and
darting again, ever more pale and languid, and doomed no sooner lit to be extinguished.©1955 by Grove
Press, Inc.

A. Dwindling
B. Realized
C. Situated
D. Perceptible
Answer: D

Question 7:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

As a member of Indigenous Photograph, artist Tshepiso Mabula ka Ndongeni (Xhosa) can _____ her
work more broadly than she could without the organization's reach. Photography editors around the world
can search for Indigenous photographer members on the organization’s website to find images that
document and reflect the lives of Indigenous communities.

A. empty
B. propagte
C. alter
D. discover
Answer: B

Question 8:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Broods of periodical cicadas (inch-long winged insects) emerge for six weeks in late spring on a
cycle of either 13 or 17 years. In 2024, the emergences of the Great Southern Brood (on a 13-year cycle) and
the Northern Illinois Brood (on a 17-year cycle) coincided in the Midwest and Southeast United States, ____
that happens only once every 221 years. Sixteen states were covered with a trillion cicadas.

A. a succession
B. a division
C. a convergence
D. an expiration
Answer: C

Question 9:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

To many delegates at the 2022 Geneva tech summit, the prospect of extending assistance to a
direct competitor was worse than merely disagreeable: it was ______.

A. unpropitious
B. anomalous
C. anathematic
D. redundant
Answer: C

Question 10:
As used in the text, what does the word “hollow” most nearly mean?

The following text is adapted from Mark Twain’s 1876 novel The Adventures of Tom Sawyer. Tom, a
child, has been told by his aunt to paint their house’s fence.Tom appeared on the sidewalk with a bucket of
whitewash and a long-handled brush. He surveyed the fence, and all gladness left him and a deep
melancholy settled down upon his spirit. Thirty yards of board fence nine feet high. Life to him seemed
hollow, and existence but a burden. Sighing, he dipped his brush.

A. Sunken
B. Limitless
C. Serene
D. Meaningless
Answer: D

Question 11:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The metal displayed in the structure of House in Kamiaraya by Kazuto Nishi Architects and the metal
hardware in UE House by GENETO are representative aspects of a juxtaposition common in contemporary
Japanese architecture: the _____ of sleek, contemporary elements and traditional organic materials in a
single design is a trend with both aesthetic and highly practical purposes.

A. designation
B. analysis
C. diffusion
D. synthesis
Answer: D

Question 12:
As used in the text, what does the word “truly” most nearly mean?

The following text is from Lilliam Rivera’s 2020 novel Never Look Back. The text describes the
narrator’s friend Pheus, a young musician, after finishing a performance during a church service. Pheus pulls
a handkerchief from his back pocket and wipes his forehead. I mime a quiet clap for him. He does a slight
bow and flashes his dimples. This is where Pheus truly shines. When Pheus is in front of an audience, it’s as
if he becomes another person, a more heightened version of himself. ©2020 by Lilliam
Rivera

A. Mildly
B. Scarcely
C. Really
D. Impolitely
Answer: C

Question 13:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Maryam Hosseini and her team used aerial images of well-mapped areas of Boston to train a
computer program to identify sidewalks. When it was tested on images of Brooklyn, it _____ identified
sidewalks in the vast majority of cases and even whether sidewalks were concrete or brick. Hosseini
believes the program will improve on this already-strong performance as it gets used more.

A. clumsily
B. reliably
C. rarely
D. slowly
Answer: B

Question 14:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

As an educator, artistic creator, and supporter of Maori culture, Cliff Whiting spent a significant
portion of his career advocating for the inclusion of Maori arts in the schools of New Zealand. While
mentoring students and artists within these communities, Whiting was encouraged to broaden his
contributions and work on the renovation of historic buildings. By way of this, he became one of the chief
officials on the ______ of Mãori buildings in New Zealand. Whiting’s ability to create a close-knit relationship
with local communities aided his success in these preservation projects.

A. repossession
B. rehabilitation
C. reciprocation
D. reindustrialization
Answer: B

Question 15:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Seemingly filmed with ______ purpose, the director's harrowing documentary on the 2008 financial
crisis—a stark look at the personal ruin it caused—hopes to curb future reckless speculation by serving as a
powerful testament to its devastating, and often-forgotten, consequences.

A. an ambivalent
B. a surreptitious
C. a digressing
D. an admonitory
Answer: D

Question 16:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Sophia Kwan and Lorenzo Medina’s evaluation of predator-prey dynamics within the Serengeti
ecosystem during the early 2000s revealed a compelling ______: despite frequent collapses of predator
populations, the ecosystem maintained a substantially higher overall stability than the Yellowstone
ecosystem of the late twentieth century, which ecologists regard as a paradigm of ecological equilibrium.

A. portent
B. paragon
C. approbation
D. paradox
Answer: D

Question 17:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The Apollo Moon landings (1969–1972) brought radiation detectors and equipment too heavy for
liftoff to the Moon and produced large amounts of data. Researcher Philip Metzger, who is investigating the
long-term effects of being on the Moon, continues to use Apollo’s data, demonstrating that the missions'
value to science is ____.

A. ongoing
B. original
C. displaced
D. controversial
Answer: A

Question 18:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Whatever the general attitude toward Spike Lee’s 1992 film Malcolm X and Carl Franklin’s 1995 film
Devil in a Blue Dress when they were initially released, both films now tend to be regarded quite _____. In
2018, for example, critics for the New York Times praised the former as “electrifying” and the latter as
“picture-perfect.”

A. strangely
B. neutrally
C. skeptically
D. favorably
Answer: D

Question 19:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Sarah Marquis, who walked 16,000 kilometers across Asia, Siberia, and Australia, undoubtedly
accomplished much, but to ______ a lasting historical legacy for oneself, almost nothing is more effective
than being the first to do something. For example, people will always remember that Anésia Pinheiro
Machado was the first female pilot in Brazil to carry passengers and the first to make stunt flights.

A. recognize
B. undermine
C. constrain
D. establish
Answer: D

Question 20:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The social structure of medieval Bremen was heavily influenced by hierarchical institutions (e.g.,
kinship groups) within the settlement, a condition that some researchers suggest potentially _____ not just
social but also economic fluidity—and by extension, urban growth—by constraining the range of contacts
available to individuals in the settlement.

A. Protracted
B. Disseminated
C. Inhibited
D. Catalyze
Answer: C

