Question 1:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The earliest version of Britain’s postal service required recipients to pay carriage fees upon delivery
—a practice that inspired clever schemes to dodge payment. In 1837, several ________ were advanced to
rectify the problem, among them the now-familiar adhesive postage stamp, which certified that postage had
been prepaid by the sender.

A. inquiries
B. proliferations
C. overhauls
D. chattels
Answer: C

Question 2:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Though studies of the effect of altitude on blood chemistry usually concentrate on people who live
above sea level, researchers Suleiman A. Al-Sweedan and Moath Alhaj have instead chosen the __________
path in their recent work of studying the blood of people who live below sea level, in locations such as the
California towns of Niland and Coachella.

A. timeworn
B. predictable
C. idealistic
D. unorthodox
Answer: D

Question 3:
As used in the text, what does the word "conceivable" most nearly mean?

The following text is adapted from Mary Seacole's 1857 autobiography Wonderful Adventures of
Mrs. Seacole in Many Lands. "That journey across the Isthmus [of Panama], insignificant in distance as it
was, was by no means an easy one. It seemed as if nature had determined to throw every conceivable
obstacle in the way of those who should seek to join the two great oceans of the world."

A. Visible
B. Possible
C. Regular
D. Open
Answer: B

Question 4:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Crowds flock to tech visionary Maya Chen’s stirring keynote addresses, and her effortless charisma
often tricks rivals into underestimating her ______—the tempered steel beneath the stylish blazers.

A. resolve
B. resourcefulness
C. kindness
D. compassion
Answer: A

Question 5:
As used in the text, what does the underlined figurative phrase most nearly mean?

The following text is from William Carlos Williams’s 1925 creative nonfiction book In the American
Grain. Williams is discussing how works by nineteenth-century US poet and fiction writer Edgar Allan Poe
were received by American readers.Poe must suffer by his originality, invent that which is new, even if it be
made of pine from your own yard, and there’s none to know what you have done. It is because there’s no
name. This is the cause of Poe’s lack of recognition. He was American. He was the astounding,
inconceivable growth of his locality.

A. Personal experiences that are hard for others to comprehend
B. Ideas you have never previously expressed
C. Elements of the culture in which you live
D. Inspiration you received while reading independently
Answer: C

Question 6:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The Chauvet Cave paintings—detailed paintings of animals found in what is now France and dating
from 30,000–32,000 years ago—are thought of as art today, but how the people of the time understood the
paintings is ______. They may have thought of the paintings as something akin to art in our modern sense,
but it is entirely possible that they did not—we simply cannot say for certain.

A. unknown
B. unalterable
C. unsurprising
D. uncontroversial
Answer: A

Question 7:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

As a member of Indigenous Photograph, artist Tshepiso Mabula ka Ndongeni (Xhosa) can _____ her
work more broadly than she could without the organization's reach. Photography editors around the world
can search for Indigenous photographer members on the organization’s website to find images that
document and reflect the lives of Indigenous communities.

A. empty
B. promote
C. alter
D. discover
Answer: B

Question 8:
As used in the text, what does the word "obtrusive" most nearly mean?

The following text is from Thomas Hardy's 1874 novel Far from the Madding Crowd. In the text, the
narrator describes an open tract of land.The changes of the seasons are less obtrusive on spots of this kind
than amid woodland scenery. Still, to a close observer, they are just as perceptible; the difference is that their
media of manifestation are less trite and familiar than such well-known ones as the bursting of the buds or
the fall of the leaf.1

A. Stubborn
B. Expansive
C. Insolent
D. Conspicuous
Answer: D

Question 9:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The Apollo Moon landings (1969–1972) brought atmospheric sensors and soil sensors to the Moon
and produced large amounts of data, much of which was stored on outdated technologies. A data-transfer
project is making the data available again, thereby _____ the Apollo data’s usefulness, as the data are used to
study the geology of the Moon.

A. persisting
B. installing
C. renewing
D. exceeding
Answer: C

Question 10:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Containing over 160 billion base pairs of DNA resulting from polyploidy (whole genome duplication)
and accumulation of noncoding DNA without significant deletion, the genome of Tmesipteris oblanceolata
(New Caledonian fork fern) is the largest known among eukaryotes—and, given the high biological costs of
extremely large genomes, is unlikely to be ______

A. curtailed
B. obviated
C. protracted
D. superseded
Answer: D

Question 11:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Novelist Leon Forrest admired William Faulkner's writing style. Forrest's novel Divine Days contains a
long passage in tribute to Faulkner that is a perfect ___ of Faulkner's style; anyone familiar with Faulkner's
writing would see the resemblance.

A. imitation
B. rejection
C. forgetting
D. opinion
Answer: A

Question 12:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Poets Edwin Muir and William Wordsworth approached the subject of nature from ______
perspectives.Muir, a former farmworker and a self-taught poet, drew on his intimate, hands-on experience
working the land in his portrayals of the early twentieth-century Orkney Islands. Wordsworth, a classically
educated poet, often idealized landscapes from a more detached and philosophical viewpoint.

A. benign
B. universal
C. intentional
D. contrasting
Answer: D

Question 13:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Studying menus from nineteenth-century restaurants, old coupons clipped out of newspapers, and
posters promoting concerts by long-forgotten musicians may seem like a frivolous pursuit, but ephemeral
objects like these are useful as evidence of cultural change: they can ______ shifts in norms, values, and
concerns that traditional objects of historical inquiry may not.

A. dissociate from
B. collude with
C. compensate for
D. attest to
Answer: D

Question 14:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The Gleaners, painted in the realist style by Jean-François Millet, depicts peasants picking stray
wheat from a field after the harvest. The realists’ emphasis on accurately portraying the experiences of
average working people was largely a rejection of the romantic style evident in many paintings by Paul
Delaroche, which instead _____ their subject’s beauty or heroism while hiding all imperfection.

A. mock
B. exaggerate
C. correct
D. undermine
Answer: B

Question 15:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

In the early 2000s, the bustling neon-lit tea house in Tokyo, despite its trendy décor, was hospitality
with an old soul, ______ the relentless scroll of emerging social-media life.

A. a forerunner of
B. an antidote to
C. a respite from
D. a rebuke to
Answer: C

Question 16:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

A team of archaeologists examined 150 spherically shaped limestone rocks called spheroids that
date back about 1.4 million years, concluding that early hominins intentionally chipped away at rocks to form
these spheroids over time. The fact that their attempt to make the stones as round as possible was ______
suggests that early hominins may have been more cognitively sophisticated than previously thought.

A. concerning
B. comparable
C. sympathetic
D. deliberate
Answer: D

Question 17:
As used in the text, what does the word "surveyed" most nearly mean?

The following text is from Mark Twain's 1876 novel The Adventures of Tom Sawyer. Tom, a child, has
been told by his aunt to paint their house's fence. Tom appeared on the sidewalk with a bucket of whitewash
and a long-handled brush. He surveyed the fence, and all gladness left him and a deep melancholy settled
down upon his spirit. Thirty yards of board fence nine feet high.

A. Had questions about
B. Was intrigued by
C. Looked at
D. Ordered
Answer: C

Question 18:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

At the 2025 Cannes Film Festival, reactions among the leading actors to their glowing media
coverage could not have been more different: several brushed the praise off as _____, while the rest
embraced the compliments in earnest.

A. flummery
B. consequential
C. fanatical
D. coincidental
Answer: A

Question 19:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

A canned toy has raised its price, but contrary to expectations, the rising price _____ demand. The
sales of canned toys has been increasing because traders buy them in bulk and sell them for a higher price.

A. capitalize
B. elicit
C. exploit
D. exhibit
Answer: B

Question 20:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The vast geographical expanse and ecological fragmentation of the American continents—from
isolated mountain valleys to dense, impassable rainforests—created an environment that was highly ______
to the emergence of the profound linguistic diversity seen in languages from Inuktitut in the north to Tupi-
Mondé in the south.

A. inimical
B. prosaic
C. conducive
D. tangential
Answer: C

