Question 1:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Some African companies spend a lot of money and energy to find investors. If not for the help of a
business program dedicated to finding investors for those companies, the expenses of those companies
otherwise would be________.

A. misconstrued
B. distinctive
C. prohibitive
D. beneficial
Answer: C

Question 2:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Studying advertisements for defunct amusement parks, menus from nineteenth-century restaurants,
and handbills promoting long-forgotten political candidates may seem like a frivolous pursuit, but ephemeral
objects like these are useful as _____ cultural change, revealing shifts in norms, values, and concerns that
traditional objects of historical inquiry may not.

A. alternatives to
B. conjectures about
C. indices of
D. pretexts for
Answer: C

Question 3:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Kenyan painter Amina Njeri was ______ in the late 2000s by several profit-driven New York galleries,
whose owners deemed her politically charged canvases too hard to sell.

A. criticized
B. lionized
C. forsaken
D. eulogized
Answer: C

Question 4:
As used in the text, what does the word “tiring” most nearly mean?

Excavating a basilosaur fossil is a difficult process, since it can take weeks or even months of hard,
physically tiring work to clear away the dirt and rock covering the specimen.

A. demanding
B. oppressive
C. prolonged
D. forbearing
Answer: A

Question 5:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The National Heritage Fellowship was created to honor exceptional folk and traditional artists in the
United States. In 2013, the fellowship was awarded to the Pomo basket weaver Mary Holiday Black. Black
was chosen for her lifetime ___ in the arts.

A. achievements
B. predictions
C. suspicions
D. assumptions
Answer: A

Question 6:
As used in the text, what does the word “anticipating” most nearly mean?

The following text is from Kenneth Grahame’s 1908 novel The Wind in the Willows. The Mole is
returning home after a visit to Mr. Badger’s house.As he hurried along, eagerly anticipating the moment when
he would be at home again among the things he knew and liked, the Mole saw clearly that he was an animal
of tilled field and hedge-row, linked to the ploughed furrow, the frequented pasture, the lane of evening
lingerings, the cultivated garden-plot.

A. Describing
B. Getting ahead of
C. Looking forward to
D. Instructing
Answer: C

Question 7:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Jessica Watson, who was the youngest person to sail nonstop and unassisted around the world,
undoubtedly accomplished much, but to gain ______ place in our historical memory, it is best to be the first to
do something. For example, people will always remember that Jeanne Baré was the first woman to
circumnavigate the world.

A. a subordinate
B. a precarious
C. an abiding
D. an ambiguous
Answer: C

Question 8:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The Art Institute of Chicago houses nearly 300,000 works from around the world. Museum visitors
looking to ___ their art-viewing experience should turn to Chicago’s streets, where they can find works
ranging from Joan Miró’s sculpture Miró’s Chicago at Brunswick Plaza to Kristen Kula’s mural Tornado on
East 11th Street.

A. satisfy
B. provoke
C. mitigate
D. supplement
Answer: D

Question 9:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The fact that publications by University of Chicago economist Nancy L. Stokey, who studies
economic growth and development, are so frequently cited in other scholars’ work ______ the usefulness of
her research for her peers—other economists clearly find her studies valuable for their own scholarship.

A. conflicts with
B. testifies to
C. distracts from
D. fluctuates with
Answer: B

Question 10:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Text corpora such as the British National Corpus are enormous collections of electronically stored
texts that can be used for empirical testing of hypotheses regarding the frequency of typical word usage. If
one has a ________ that the word "own" has a high incidence in English, for example, an analysis of a corpus
can support that hypothesis by showing that "own" is the eighth most commonly used adjective.

A. synopsis
B. appreciation
C. contrivance
D. conjecture
Answer: D

Question 11:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Demosthenes, a prominent fourth-century BCE Athenian orator, is said to have been _____ of
parrhesia, or speaking freely and openly to ensure productive civic deliberation. He is noted for
characterizing parrhesia in several public addresses as the foundation of democracy in classical Athens
rather than, more simply, as a facilitator of the political system.

A. a proponent
B. a steward
C. an apprentice
D. a harbinger
Answer: A

Question 12:
As used in the text, what does the word 'testing' most nearly mean?

The following text is from Rudolfo Anaya's 1972 novel Bless Me, Ultima. The young narrator and his
friend Cico are staring into the water of a stream in rural New Mexico.The golden fish swam by gracefully,
cautiously, as if testing the water after a long sleep in its subterranean waters. His powerful tail moved in
slow strokes as he slid through the water towards us.

A. Wearing out
B. Trying out
C. Attacking
D. Approving
Answer: B

Question 13:
As used in the text, what does the word “leaves” most nearly mean?

The following text is adapted from Jhumpa Lahiri’s 2003 novel The Namesake. Gogol is an
elementary school student in Massachusetts.
In art class, his favorite hour of the week, he carves his name with paper clips into the bottoms of clay cups
and bowls. He pastes uncooked pasta to cardboard, and leaves his signature in fat brush strokes below
paintings.
©2003 by Jhumpa Lahiri

A. Writes
B. Switches
C. Allows
D. Promotes
Answer: A

Question 14:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The Apalachicola River delta in Florida is where the river flows into the Gulf of Mexico. As the river
reaches the gulf, it forms smaller channels where sediments carried by the river are deposited and form
many delicate lobes, or wetland formations. The shape and size of the delta are ________ by the gulf’s tides,
which shift sediments along the coast and reshape the delicate lobes over time.

A. surpassed
B. enhanced
C. influenced
D. protected
Answer: C

Question 15:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Archaeologists still had a/an _____ knowledge of archaeological sites until recently the appearance
of a new technology changes the situation. This advanced technique sharpened scientists’ understanding of
archaeological remains.

A. amorphous
B. palpable
C. unprecedented
D. convoluted
Answer: A

Question 16:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The journalist’s feature on celebrity chef Marco Villegas was marred by personal ______— digs at his
height and heavy accent that contributed nothing to an evaluation of his cooking.

A. commendations
B. falsehoods
C. aspersions
D. whims
Answer: C

Question 17:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Writer Lydia Davis observed that while traditional literary forms, such as the novel, are recognizable
as such even as they evolve, there are innovative "intergeneric" forms that might, for example, use elements
of both fiction and essays to create something more ______. Anne Carson's collection Float arguably fits in
this category, since it straddles the line between prose and poetry.

A. customary
B. radical
C. unambiguous
D. equitable
Answer: B

Question 18:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Studying old coupons clipped out of newspapers, postcards from vanished tourist destinations, and
posters promoting concerts by long-forgotten musicians may seem like a frivolous pursuit, but ephemeral
objects like these are useful as markers of cultural change: they can ______ shifts in norms, values, and
concerns that traditional objects of historical inquiry may not.

A. preclude
B. vindicate
C. evince
D. induce
Answer: C

Question 19:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Philosopher Ingrid Robeyns argues for the principle of limitarianism—that there should be a limit on
the wealth a person possesses. Critics of limitarianism respond that it is ______ since it would require
worldwide cooperation between governments in economic policy, a goal that is likely unachievable.

A. perfunctory
B. utopian
C. punitive
D. viable
Answer: B

Question 20:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

While Dr. Elena Ruiz’s 2024 book Golden Spice, Golden Health enthusiastically trumpets turmeric’s
many therapeutic benefits and culinary uses, the author cautions readers against treating the spice as a
_____.

A. solitude
B. effectuality
C. panacea
D. placebo
Answer: C

