Question 1:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Though the quantum experiments performed by Alain Aspect and Anton Zeilinger possess broad
scientific relevance, they remain ____ the quantum mechanics lineage—one traceable back to early
theoretical formulations developed by physicists of the early twentieth century.

A. discordant with
B. adumbrated by
C. inextricable from
D. vitiated by
Answer: C

Question 2:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The dinosaur displays at museums such as the Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago (which
has a mounted Apatosaurus skeleton among its holdings) are notable not just for their scale but for the
scientific ______ with which they are assembled; the museum staff consulted numerous sources to ensure
the accuracy of every detail.

A. grandiloquence
B. temerity
C. lassitude
D. punctiliousness
Answer: D

Question 3:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Lotte Reiniger's artistic vision for her 1926 animated film, The Adventures of Prince Achmed, was
______ in its demands. This is evidenced by the fact that she and her collaborators painstakingly created over
250,000 individual images from hand-cut paper silhouettes over three years, repeatedly inventing new
methods to achieve the envisioned special effects.

A. gregarious
B. ephemeral
C. implacable
D. fallacious
Answer: C

Question 4:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Though the thermoregulation mechanisms of fungi, such as Amanita brunnescens, have received
little formal study, anecdotal evidence has suggested that fungal surface temperatures tend to be cooler
than ambient temperatures. Experimental findings by Radamés Cordero et al. now _____ this idea: colonies of
various fungi maintained temperatures below those at which they were incubated in a lab.

A. obscure
B. corroborate
C. encapsulate
D. curtail
Answer: B

Question 5:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Literary scholars often encourage those studying authors and their literary movements to
understand how certain qualities of an author’s writings were perceived by his or her immediate audience.
While most would not consider the works of Miguel de Unamuno to be especially controversial today, one
should consider whether there are aspects of his work that may have been seen as ____ to some readers of
his time.

A. incontrovertible
B. incendiary
C. bombastic
D. auspicious
Answer: B

Question 6:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Some robots such as Saika (developed in 1996) and Poppy (developed in 2013) are designed to
resemble humans so that people will find it easier to interact with them. To that end, certain features such as
bipedal locomotion can help to _____ the effect of the more unnatural aspects of a robot’s appearance, but a
robot that looks too human can fall into the “uncanny valley,” meaning that its appearance unintentionally
unsettles those who encounter it.

A. palliate
B. agglomerate
C. aggrandize
D. corroborate
Answer: A

Question 7:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

A unique dialect, or regional variety, of Spanish is spoken in Puerto Rico. It contains many words
borrowed from the language of the Taínos, the Indigenous people of Puerto Rico. African languages also
made important contributions to the Puerto Rican dialect. For example, the way certain vowel sounds are
pronounced in it can be ___ to how they are pronounced in Yoruba, a West African language.

A. traced
B. announced
C. offered
D. surrendered
Answer: A

Question 8:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

By the early 1950s, otter colonies along Norway’s fjords had dwindled to perilously low numbers
and, in some districts, were completely _____; accordingly, the government enacted strict bans on otter
hunting.

A. diminished
B. extirpated
C. devalued
D. weakened
Answer: B

Question 9:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The Apollo Moon landings (1969–1972) brought radiation detectors and lunar dust detectors to the
Moon and produced large amounts of data, much of which was stored on technologies that are now
obsolete. A data-transfer project is working to _______ blank these data so that the information is available to
researcher Philip Metzger, who is investigating the long-term effects of being on the Moon.

A. amend
B. improve
C. simplify
D. salvage
Answer: D

Question 10:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Agglomeration economies arise when multiple firms in related industries ____ an area, as with
ceramic tile manufacturers and nonconstruction ceramics manufacturers in London, UK. Economists have
assumed that companies cluster for the same reasons, but Giulia Faggio et al. found that factors driving
agglomeration in some cases are only weakly correlated with agglomeration in others.

A. amass in
B. appeal to
C. intercede in
D. concur with
Answer: A

Question 11:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Jane Goodall has argued that inconsistent government commitments to reforestation ______ efforts
to mitigate the effects of climate change on chimpanzees in Tanzania and other African countries, as
temporary gains are often reversed by subsequent inaction, undermining long-term population stability.

A. galvanize
B. elucidate
C. ameliorate
D. hamstring
Answer: D

Question 12:
As used in the text, what does the word “leaves” most nearly mean?

The following text is adapted from Jhumpa Lahiri’s 2003 novel The Namesake. Gogol is an
elementary school student in Massachusetts.In art class, his favorite hour of the week, he carves his name
with paper clips into the bottoms of clay cups and bowls. He pastes uncooked pasta to cardboard, and
leaves his signature in fat brush strokes below paintings.©2003 by Jhumpa Lahiri

A. Writes
B. Switches
C. Allows
D. Promotes
Answer: A

Question 13:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

A number of recording artists ______ Indigenous music with other musical styles. For example,
Choctaw singer-songwriter Samantha Crain incorporated elements of Choctaw hymns into folk-pop on her
single "When We Remain," and Wayuu singer-songwriter Lido Pimienta combined Afro-Indigenous music
from Colombia with Latin pop on her album Miss Colombia.

A. acquire
B. fuse
C. exaggerate
D. analyze
Answer: B

Question 14:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

A study revealed that in March 2023, 8.3 percent of users canceled their subscriptions to streaming
platforms. Addressing this level of user attrition presents a significant hurdle for service providers:
subscribers’ initial excitement about a new service frequently begins to ____, prompting companies to
explore additional strategies to sustain engagement.

A. wane
B. revitalize
C. amalgamate
D. rectify
Answer: A

Question 15:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The Fly River delta is a remarkably ______ landscape: it is a constantly evolving network of channels
and strips of land that change in size and shape as the river deposits new sedimentary particles where the
river meets the waters of the Gulf of Papua.

A. mutable
B. habitable
C. secluded
D. homogeneous
Answer: A

Question 16:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The Cave of Beasts paintings–stencils of hands and paintings of human and animal figures found in
what is now Libya and dating from up to 7,000 years ago–are thought of as art today, but the question of
whether the people of the time understood the paintings as something akin to art in our modern sense or in
some other way entirely is _____ : we will never be able to answer it.

A. unavoidable
B. imperative
C. self-contradictory
D. irresolvable
Answer: D

Question 17:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The National Heritage Fellowship was created to ________ exceptional folk and traditional artists in
the United States. One artist who received the fellowship, the builder of Native Hawaiian hale (thatched
houses) Francis Palani Sinenci, was chosen for his lifetime contributions to the arts.

A. distract
B. honor
C. overshadow
D. begin
Answer: B

Question 18:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

When new chemical elements are synthesized, each is assigned a distinctive atomic number, and
some are given a specific name, such as Moscovium, which was named to honor the Moscow region where
it was first created. According to modern scientific protocols, it is _____ for researchers to propose names for
the elements they discover, though they are under no obligation to do so; the decision to assign a name
remains entirely at the discretion of the discoverer.

A. allowable
B. impracticable
C. discretionary
D. obligatory
Answer: A

Question 19:
As used in the text, what does the phrase “composed of” most nearly mean?

The following text is from Reyna Grande’s 2012 memoir The Distance Between Us. Grande attended
Franklin High School.In November of my junior year at Franklin, I received the good news that I had been
accepted into the All City Honor Marching Band, which was composed of students from sixty high schools in
the Los Angeles Unified School District. In order to get in, I had to switch from the sax to bells. The All City
Honor Marching Band only accepted brass and percussion players.

A. Made up of
B. Aware of
C. Calmed down by
D. Engraved with
Answer: A

Question 20:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The fossil remains of the individual known as Jebel Irhoud 1, discovered in Morocco in 1991, can
help paleoantthropologists not only identify steps in the evolution of hominids but also illuminate the
Pleistocene epoch generally, ______ important details about the time in which Jebel Irhoud 1 lived.

A. spreading
B. revealing
C. fabricating
D. celebrating
Answer: B

