Question 1:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

It was entirely ______ for the seventeenth-century astronomer Johannes Kepler to devote serious
study to astrology—most natural philosophers of his time did the same.

A. unethical
B. brave
C. pretentious
D. reasonable
Answer: D

Question 2:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Some pieces of music might have an infinite number of possible meanings—the compositions of
Phyllis Fergus might be understood in as many ways as there are people to listen to them—and so as long as
the evidence a listener uses to support an interpretation is ___, it is difficult to the claim that the
interpretation is incorrect.

A. inferior
B. identical
C. repetitive
D. reasonable
Answer: D

Question 3:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The sloping tile roofs and picturesque façade of Mission San Luis Obispo de Tolosa in San Luis
Obispo, California, exemplify the Spanish contribution to Californian architecture, an influence that is _____
throughout the state — architectural tourists visiting the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner Building in Los
Angeles, for example, can easily recognize how its style draws inspiration from the Spanish missions.

A. tangible
B. understated
C. corroborated
D. disputed
Answer: A

Question 4:
As used in the text, what does the word “tell” most nearly mean?

The following text is from Lilliam Rivera’s 2020 novel Never Look Back. The text describes the
narrator looking around his father’s apartment.Pops’s pride and joy is his wall of towering bookshelves. He
once said you can tell a man’s worth by the number of books he owns. I guess this means Pops is
overflowing with riches because ever since I can remember I was never without a book within reach.

A. Urge
B. Enjoy
C. Instruct
D. Judge
Answer: D

Question 5:
As used in the text, what does the word “accepted” most nearly mean?

The following text is from Charles Dickens’s 1861 novel Great Expectations. The narrator is taking a
walk near his home on a damp morning.On every rail and gate, we lay clammy, and the marsh mist was so
thick, that the wooden finger on the post directing people to our village—a direction which they never
accepted, for they never came there—was invisible to me until I was quite close under it.

A. Followed
B. Allowed
C. Modified
D. Approved
Answer: A

Question 6:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Mass glaciation has been offered as one explanation for the End-Ordovician mass extinction 440
million years ago when 85 percent of all marine life, including species of reef-building brachiopods, died off.
But in the absence of additional evidence—which may be hard to find, as much of the Ordovician seafloor has
been lost to tectonic subduction—this account will remain ______.

A. speculative
B. mutable
C. rigorous
D. laudable
Answer: A

Question 7:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

It is tempting to treat the clustering of textile manufacturing firms in Manchester, UK, as
representative of industrial agglomeration generally. But Giulia Faggio et al. caution against ______ this one
example: the potential for knowledge spillovers, a dominant driver of collocation in this industry, was largely
absent from the leather clothing manufacturing industry.

A. convening with
B. corroborating
C. scrutinizing
D. deducing from
Answer: D

Question 8:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?(Câu này mình sẽ chọn A là đáp án đúng nhé. Bỏ qua phần giải thích D của AI. Chữ frequently được xem như là contrats với unfailingly. Unfailingly được coi như là đúng 100%, k bao giờ có ngoại lệ. Còn frequently là thường xuyên luôn luôn nhưng vẫn có thể có ngoại lệ)

Some ethicists challenge the concept of personal character, claiming that if it were meaningful,
situational factors could not, as they clearly can, induce behavior contrary to that character. As Rachana
Kamtekar observes, this argument is difficult to reconcile with our lay conception of character: we expect a
person of helpful character to be frequently helpful, not ______ helpful.

A. unfailingly
B. self-servingly
C. grudgingly
D. sporadically
Answer: A

Question 9:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Barring major archaeological discoveries, we are unlikely to ever have _____ account of ancient Egypt
under the female pharaoh Hatshepsut, as much of the evidence of her reign was deliberately destroyed by
her successors.

A. a superficial
B. an imaginative
C. a questionable
D. an exhaustive
Answer: D

Question 10:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

It is tempting to treat the clustering of textile manufacturing firms in Manchester, UK, as
representative of industrial agglomeration generally. But Giulia Faggio et al. caution against ______ this one
example: the potential for knowledge spillovers, a dominant driver of collocation in this industry, was largely
absent from the leather clothing manufacturing industry.

A. convening with
B. corroborating
C. scrutinizing
D. extrapolating from
Answer: D

Question 11:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Studying menus from nineteenth-century restaurants, advertisements for defunct amusement parks,
and posters promoting long-forgotten plays may seem like a frivolous pursuit, but ephemeral objects like
these are useful as markers of cultural change: they can ___ shifts in norms, values, and concerns that
traditional objects of historical inquiry may not.

A. induce
B. vindicate
C. evince
D. preclude
Answer: C

Question 12:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Given how frequently other scholars cite the publications of University of Minnesota economist Ellen
R. McGrattan, a specialist in financial policy, that citation record clearly ______ the value her work holds for
the discipline.

A. belittles
B. evinces
C. distorts
D. repudiates
Answer: B

Question 13:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Domesticated thousands of years ago in South America, the tomatillo deviates structurally from the
wild plant it is descended from. Summer squash, another domesticated crop from the Americas, doesn't
closely resemble any wild plant, and genetic research only recently ___________ its ancestor to be the wild
Johnny gourd.

A. revealed
B. expanded
C. encouraged
D. petitioned
Answer: A

Question 14:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Many of late nineteenth-century artist James McNeill Whistler’s oil paintings and lithographs depict
the streets of European cities. While his contemporaries’ approaches to these subjects were often
sentimental, Whistler’s eye seemed ____. In this way, he anticipated the early twentieth-century photographs
of Walker Evans, which create the illusion of being objective documentations of life.

A. tranquil
B. peculiar
C. nostalgic
D. dispassionate
Answer: D

Question 15:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

In the architectural process called modular construction, a building is manufactured in modules
under controlled conditions and then assembled at its intended location. _______ of this approach cite fewer
weather delays and a greater potential for reuse and recycling.

A. Proponents
B. Components
C. Epitomes
D. Safeguards
Answer: A

Question 16:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Some robots such as WABOT-2 (developed in 1984) and Sophia (developed in 2015) are designed to
resemble humans so that people will find it easier to interact with them. To that end, certain features such as
bipedal locomotion can help to_____ people’s feelings of comfort, but a robot that looks too human can fall
into the “uncanny valley,” meaning that its appearance unintentionally unsettles those who encounter it.

A. mitigate
B. constrict
C. repudiate
D. buttress
Answer: D

Question 17:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Run by researchers in Europe, the Survey of Health, Ageing, and Retirement in Europe (SHARE) is an
examination of aging that has attempted to track approximately 120,000 people for several years. Long-
running studies like this need a lot of participants not merely for statistical robustness but also because of
______ over such a length of time, a substantial number of participants will withdraw or fall out of contact
with the researchers.

A. circumspection
B. attrition
C. impartiality
D. replicability
Answer: B

Question 18:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The National Heritage Fellowship was created to ______ exceptional folk and traditional artists in the
United States. One artist who received the fellowship, the Native Hawaiian singer and ukulele player Genoa
Keawe, was chosen for her lifetime contributions to the arts.

A. begin
B. distract
C. overshadow
D. honor
Answer: D

Question 19:
As used in the text, what does the word “good” most nearly mean?

The following text is from Charles Chesnutt’s 1905 novel The Colonel’s Dream. Mr. French and Mr.
Kirby work together.Mr. French, the senior partner, who sat opposite Kirby, was an older man—a safe guess
would have placed him somewhere in the debatable ground between forty and fifty: of a good height, as
could be seen even from the seated figure, the upper part of which was held erect with the unconscious ease
which one associates with military training.

A. Well-behaved
B. Considerable
C. Capable
D. Reliable
Answer: B

Question 20:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Writer Lydia Davis observed that while traditional literary forms, such as the novel, are recognizable
as such even as they evolve, there are rarer "intergeneric" forms that might, for example, use elements of
both fiction and essays to create something ________. The late-period pieces of James Tate arguably fit this
description, since they straddle the line between prose and poetry.

A. orthodox
B. unequivocal
C. recurrent
D. unclassifiable
Answer: D

