Question 1:
As used in the text, what does the word "display" most nearly mean?

The following text is adapted from John Matheus's 1926 short story, “Mr. Bradford Teaches Sunday
School.” Mr. Bradford is driving through the countryside in Florida.The moss in the towering water oaks had
become enlivened with a verdant sheen of silver and hung like festoons of carnival or like funeral decorations
for the mourning of the dead. The pine green was resplendent. The bald cypresses spread themselves along
the water courses while the willows wept as they always did.Mr. Bradford was conscious of this gorgeous
display of nature.

A. Exhibition
B. Concealment
C. Similarity
D. Pretentiousness
Answer: A

Question 2:
As used in the text, what does the word “specific” most nearly mean?

The following text is from Mark Oshiro's 2018 novel Anger Is a Gift. In the novel, Moss and his
friends are on a subway train in Northern California.Lights from the outside world then filled the train car as it
rose out of the ground and climbed the elevated track. As long as Moss had lived in West Oakland, he'd never
tired of this specific view, so he pointed toward the windows. “Check it,” he said, and the Port of Oakland
began to pass by them.©2018 by Mark Oshiro

A. Correct
B. Energetic
C. Imaginary
D. Particular
Answer: D

Question 3:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Often, the Nobel Prize in Chemistry is given to a single person, such as Irving Langmuir in 1932. But
scientists recognized with a Nobel Prize do not often conduct their work in _____. Instead, success in fields
like chemistry is usually achieved through direct cooperation with other experts, as was the case for George
Smith, who was among those awarded for “the phage display of peptides and antibodies.”

A. isolation from
B. deference to
C. collaboration with
D. competition with
Answer: A

Question 4:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

While scientific research is often considered a noble endeavor, this does not imply that all scientists
are _____, as numerous investigative reports highlighting excessive pharmaceutical industry payments to
medical researchers have suggested. These allegations call into question the integrity of some individuals
within the field.

A. conventional
B. clever
C. unimpeachable
D. ingenious
Answer: C

Question 5:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Some robots such as Surena(developed in 2008)and COMAN(developed in 2012) are designed to
resemble humans so that people will find it easier to interact with them. To this end, certain features such as
the ability to respond to voice commands can help to create the comforting semblance of humanity, but a
robot that appears too similar to humans can make people feel more unsettled than _______

A. soothed
B. indifferent
C. revolted
D. vindicated
Answer: A

Question 6:
As used in the text, what does the word “guiding” most nearly mean?

The following text is from Kenneth Grahame's 1908 novel The Wind in the Willow. The Rat is looking
for the Mole, his friend, in the woods.[The Rat] had patiently hunted through the wood for an hour or more,
when at last to his joy he heard a little answering cry. Guiding himself by the sound, he made his way through
the gathering darkness to the foot of an old beech tree.

A. Withdrawing
B. Presenting
C. Instructing
D. Steering
Answer: D

Question 7:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Louise Arner Boyd, who led several scientific expeditions off the coast of Greenland in the 1930s,
undoubtedly accomplished much, but to gain a lasting place in our historical memory, there is little that can
_____ being the first to do something. For example, people will always remember that Enid Gordon-Gallien led
the expedition that first mapped the area around Kalambo Falls between Zambia and Tanzania.

A. prevail over
B. constrain within
C. overreach by
D. fluctuate with
Answer: A

Question 8:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Writer Lydia Davis observed that while traditional literary forms, such as the novel, are recognizable
as such even as they evolve, there are rarer "intergeneric" forms that might, for example, use elements of
both fiction and essays to create something ______. The late-period pieces of James Tate arguably fit this
description, since they straddle the line between prose and poetry.

A. orthodox
B. unequivocal
C. recurrent
D. unclassifiable
Answer: D

Question 9:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Although scientific advancements continuously lead to the reassessment of concepts, one
observation that has remained _____ over the years is the sheer number of insect species in the world:
approximately 950,000 species have been identified. This enduring fact underscores the vast diversity and
abundance of insects on our planet.

A. robust
B. significant
C. perplexing
D. confounding
Answer: A

Question 10:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Domesticated thousands of years ago by Indigenous people in South America, the potato deviates
structurally from the wild plant it is descended from. Summer squash, another crop domesticated by
Indigenous Americans, shows so little resemblance to any wild plant that genetic research was necessary to
______ the wild Johnny gourd as its ancestor.

A. confirm
B. acquire
C. develop
D. attract
Answer: A

Question 11:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Few religious buildings can be said to _________ the astonishing size of Al Saleh Mosque in Yemen,
which, with the capacity to accommodate approximately 44,000 people at once, is one of the largest
mosques in the world.

A. symbolize
B. conceal
C. minimize
D. match
Answer: D

Question 12:
As used in the text, what does the word “find” most nearly mean?

The following text is adapted from Yone Noguchi’s 1914 memoir The Story of Yone Noguchi.
Noguchi is returning home after eleven years abroad.I reached Tsushima, my native town, at evening. I
frightened my old father at the station, who was actually trying to find me among some other people. There
is no wonder that he could not recognize me; I must have changed a great deal.

A. Locate
B. Reveal
C. Persuade
D. Embarrass
Answer: A

Question 13:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

According to the uncertainty principle formulated by Werner Heisenberg in 1927, a subatomic
particle’s position and momentum cannot be precisely measured simultaneously. However, a recent study by
physicist Vladislav B. Braginsky and his team has addressed this once ____________ limitation by employing
quantum nondemolition measurements to simultaneously estimate a particle’s position and momentum with
high accuracy.

A. cursory
B. callous
C. inviolable
D. unbridled
Answer: C

Question 14:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Noting the correspondence of Leonardo da Vinci’s Mona Lisa to his self-portrait in red chalk, artist
Lillian Schwartz argued that the former is a self-portrait, too—that by mapping his own features onto those of
its ostensible subject, Lisa del Giocondo, Leonardo depicted himself as a woman. Indeed, by subjecting both
works to digital analysis, Schwartz ____ the two faces' structural resemblance.

A. corroborated
B. amalgamated
C. promulgated
D. consolidated
Answer: A

Question 15:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The discoverers of the minor planet 1227 Geranium named it after the plant genus that includes
cranesbills. Most of the recently discovered minor planets, however, are given only an identification number,
largely due to there being over 500,000 such bodies known at present, which makes the already challenging
task of finding a unique name for each nearly ___.

A. viable
B. superfluous
C. momentous
D. insuperable
Answer: D

Question 16:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

In a 2018 article about films depicting the experiences of Black Americans, critics for the New York
Times praise Madeline Anderson's 1970 film I Am Somebody as "galvanizing" and Reginald Hudlin's 1990 film
House Party as "exuberant." Fans of the two films hope that such _____ will attract new audiences to these
works.

A. impartiality
B. ambivalence
C. foresight
D. acclaim
Answer: D

Question 17:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The fossil remains of the individual known as KNM-KP 271, discovered in Kenya in 1965, can help
paleoanthropologists not only identify steps in the evolution of hominids but also ____ the Pliocene epoch
generally, revealing important details about the time in which KNM-KP 271 lived.

A. imitate
B. design
C. illuminate
D. substitute
Answer: C

Question 18:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Writer Lydia Davis observed that while traditional literary forms, such as the short story, are
recognizable as such even as they evolve, there are more ______ forms that might, for example, borrow
elements from both fables and realist narratives to make something unconventional. The late-period pieces
of James Tate arguably fit in this category, since they straddle the line between prose and poetry.

A. amorphous
B. neutral
C. customary
D. dispersed
Answer: A

Question 19:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Though most hoaxes perpetrated as jokes by mischievous users of Wikipedia, an online
encyclopedia that almost anyone can freely edit, have quickly been detected and removed, a few entries that
knowledgeable readers should have realized were _____, such as those for the town of Stone Ridge,
Maryland, and the 18th-century forestry magnate Guillermo García, persisted on the site for many years
before they were finally recognized as falsehoods and deleted.

A. mandatory
B. apocryphal
C. authentic
D. modest
Answer: B

Question 20:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Some robots such as Justin (developed in 2008) and TALOS (developed in 2017) feature humanoid
characteristics like the ability to respond to voice commands so that people will find it easier to interact with
them. While these features can help to _____ feelings of comfort in people, a robot that looks too human can
fall into the "uncanny valley," meaning that its appearance unintentionally unsettles those who encounter it.

A. counterbalance
B. repudiate
C. constrict
D. engender
Answer: D

