Question 1:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Yuen Yuen Ang et al. argue that merely tallying the number of patents filed per year ______ the
degree of innovation occurring: truly novel patents—those, like a 2014 patent for a system of satellite-linked
deep-sea buoys, that combine previously unaffiliated technological domains—are vastly outnumbered by
nonnovel patents (e.g., a 2014 patent for a new type of bottle cork).

A. portends
B. maligns
C. belies
D. thwarts
Answer: C

Question 2:
As used in the text, what does the word "define" most nearly mean?

The little fern-leaf, bendingUpon the brink, its green reflection greets,And kisses soft theWith touch
so fine,The border lineThe keenest vision can't define;So perfect is the blending.

A. Explain
B. Restate
C. Detect
D. Describe
Answer: C

Question 3:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Both sharks and crayfish possess electroreception, but a significant ______ exists in their sensory
thresholds. Crayfish perceive the relatively strong fields from household electronics, while sharks can detect
the incredibly faint fields generated by water moving through Earth's magnetic field, a sensitivity many orders
of magnitude greater.

A. acuity
B. propinquity
C. chasm
D. verisimilitude
Answer: C

Question 4:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Given that both bats and moths can perceive sound waves in their environments, the hypothesis that
their auditory systems are functionally interchangeable is ultimately _____. While moths are adapted to detect
the relatively loud ultrasonic clicks emitted by bats for predator avoidance, bats, in contrast, must be able to
discern the far fainter echoes produced by their own calls bouncing off nearby prey for echolocation.

A. untenable
B. insuperable
C. quotidian
D. meritorious
Answer: A

Question 5:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

In 2017, Belgium, which has strong democratic institutions, experienced an inflation rate of 2.12%,
much higher than the 0.74% rate seen in Equatorial Guinea, which has relatively weak democratic
institutions. Such a result is _____, however: Raj Desai et al. have shown that democratic institution strength
tends to restrain inflationary pressures.

A. inexplicable
B. unfounded
C. facetious
D. anomalous
Answer: D

Question 6:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Based on the appearance of some of Los Angeles roof tiles, it can be seen that Mexican touches
are______. The architecture in other areas of Los Angeles also proves the influence of Mexican style on Los
Angeles architecture.

A. palpable
B. corroborate
C. distinctive
D. convoluted
Answer: A

Question 7:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Writer Lydia Davis observed that while traditional literary forms, such as the poem, are recognizable
as such even as they evolve, there are more _______ forms that might, for example, borrow elements from
both fables and realist narratives to make something unconventional. Davis's own very short literary pieces
arguably fit in this category, since they straddle the line between prose and poetry."

A. dispersed
B. amorphous
C. neutral
D. customary
Answer: B

Question 8:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Postcranial skeletal pneumaticity (PSP) refers to the presence of extensions of an animal’s lungs
and air sacs inside its bones. Though such structures do not typically fossilize, they are believed to have
been present in Tyrannosaurus, Euhelopus, and other Cretaceous theropods and sauropods. To _____ PSP
from fossils, researchers look for indicators such as large foramina (holes in bones).

A. deduce
B. acquire
C. isolate
D. preserve
Answer: A

Question 9:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

______ traditional descriptions of pollination syndromes (suites of floral traits, such as nectar volume
and flower orientation, hypothesized to have independently evolved as a result of selection pressure exerted
by pollinators) and recent empirical observations of floral-trait combinations have led some ecologists to
express reservations about the utility of those descriptions.

A. Proclamations of
B. Recurrences of
C. Discrepancies between
D. Affinities between
Answer: C

Question 10:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

All interpretations of classical philosophical texts are inevitably ______, as translating the thoughts of
ancient scholars into modern frameworks requires adapting their ideas to align with contemporary modes of
understanding.

A. retrospective
B. irrelevant
C. exhaustive
D. meddlesome
Answer: A

Question 11:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Scientific innovation in the decades following the advent of quantum mechanics was ______, with
physicists like Erwin Schrödinger and Werner Heisenberg spearheading groundbreaking developments in
atomic theory, wave mechanics, and uncertainty principles. Regrettably, this surge of transformative research
often overshadows the pivotal contributions of earlier pioneers such as Max Planck.

A. sporadic
B. erratic
C. disregarded
D. copious
Answer: D

Question 12:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Some robots such as Surena (developed in 2008) and COMAN (developed in 2012) feature
humanoid characteristics like bipedal locomotion so that people will find it easier to interact with them. While
these features can help to generate feelings of comfort in people, a robot that looks too human can fall into
the “uncanny valley,” meaning that its appearance unintentionally ______ those who encounter it.

A. soothes
B. unsettles
C. ratifies
D. reprimands
Answer: B

Question 13:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Agglomeration economies arise when multiple firms in related industries ___ an area, as with iron
and steel production firms and cutlery and hardware manufacturers in Wolverhampton, UK. Economists have
assumed that companies cluster for the same reasons, but Giulia Faggio et al. found that factors driving
agglomeration in some cases are only weakly correlated with agglomeration in others.

A. cluster in
B. intercede in
C. appeal to
D. concur with
Answer: A

Question 14:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

New and interesting research conducted by Suleiman A. Al-Sweedan and Moath Alhaj is inspired by
their observation that though studies of the effect of high altitude on blood chemistry are _____, the effect on
blood chemistry of living in locations below sea level, such as the California towns of Niland and Thermal,
has received comparatively little notice.

A. preliminary
B. sporadic
C. equivocal
D. copious
Answer: D

Question 15:
As used in the text, what does the figurative phrase "hew out" most nearly mean?

The following text is from Virginia Woolf's 1919 novel Night and Day. The text describes a gathering
of aspiring young artists and intellectuals.One person after another rose, and, as with an ill-balanced axe,
attempted to hew some conception of art into more precise strokes and sat down with the feeling that, for all
his reason which he could not grasp, he clearly had gone awry. As they sat down they turned almost
invariably to the person sitting next them, and rectified and continued what they had just said in public.

A. Visualize
B. Define
C. Contrast
D. Emulate
Answer: B

Question 16:
As used in the text, what does the word "fitted" most nearly mean?

The following text is adapted from Eugene O'Neill's 1920 play Beyond the Horizon. Robert and
Andrew are brothers; Andrew, after a day of working in the fields, playfully steals Robert's book of
poetry.ROBERT: Look out you don't get [my book] full of dirt.
ANDREW: That isn't dirt—it's good clean earth. (He turns over the pages. His eyes read something and he
gives an exclamation of disgust) ... Here! Take it and bury it. I suppose it's that year in college gave you a
liking for that kind of stuff. I'm darn glad I stopped at High School, or maybe I'd been crazy too... Imagine me
reading poetry and plowing at the same time! The team'd run away, I'll bet.
ROBERT: (laughing) Or picture me plowing.
ANDREW: You should have gone back to college last fall, like I know you wanted to. You're fitted for that sort
of thing—just as I ain't.

A. well-suited
B. incompatible
C. shaped
D. positioned
Answer: A

Question 17:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Although the clustering of cutlery manufacturing firms in Sheffield, UK, is often cited as typical of
industrial agglomeration, Mattia Faggioni et al. show that it is not. The wide range of factors driving the
phenomenon is ______ across industries: while access to specialized suppliers can prompt agglomeration,
colocation among refined petroleum product manufacturers is driven by different reasons.

A. imperative
B. credible
C. heterogeneous
D. decisive
Answer: C

Question 18:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

To evaluate their ideas about environmental conditions in the Pleistocene epoch, paleontologists
must turn to ______ evidence. Only material objects—such as the fossil remains of the individual known as
Amud 1, discovered in Israel in 1961—can show whether a particular idea about the Pleistocene is
defensible.

A. intricate
B. contentious
C. concrete
D. nebulous
Answer: C

Question 19:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Although oil shocks—such as the 10% rise in oil prices in November 1970—can strongly affect
individual consumers, Gbadebo Oladosu and colleagues have shown that at the level of national economies,
their effects are often quite __________. The effect of recent oil shocks on the gross domestic product of
Germany, for example, was only slightly greater than zero.

A. variable
B. persistent
C. subdued
D. beneficial
Answer: C

Question 20:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Manul cats are small, shy felines. They live mostly alone in out-of-the-way parts of Asia, such as on
Mount Everest. These cats have been difficult to research because their habitats are so ____ large
populations of humans.

A. drawn to
B. full of
C. distant from
D. responsible for
Answer: C

