Question 1:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Gretchen McCulloch’s research on word usage over time cites women as ____________ of
transformations in written English even during the Renaissance, when the production of published drama and
poetry was dominated by men. Women’s interactions, argues McCulloch, are premised on large networks of
contacts, and women have expedited new word usage—along with the abandonment of older usages like
“doth” for “do”—through informal letter writing.

A. opponents
B. facilitators
C. proponents
D. delegates
Answer: B

Question 2:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

As a measure to ______ the harmful consequences of relying so heavily on copper exports, the
Chilean Congress passed a 2018 bill designed to jump-start the nation’s fledgling technology sector.

A. assuming
B. disguising
C. stemming
D. downplaying
Answer: C

Question 3:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Wireless headphones and other small electronic devices sometimes use batteries that can’t be
taken out and swapped for new ones. Environmental policy researcher Jessika Richter warns that once these
internal batteries stop working, the devices become _______ and are typically thrown away, creating harmful
waste.

A. defunct
B. prized
C. comely
D. quotidian
Answer: A

Question 4:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

By nature, what professional chefs such as Korean American chef Kristen Kish do is _____: after
weeks conceptualizing and testing, they serve a dish that only exists for a brief moment in time before its
consumption.

A. ephemeral
B. indelible
C. substantive
D. precarious
Answer: A

Question 5:
As used in the text, what does the word "display" most nearly mean?

The following text is adapted from John Matheus's 1926 short story, "Mr. Bradford Teaches Sunday
School." Mr. Bradford is driving through the countryside in Florida. The moss in the towering water oaks had
become enlivened with a verdant sheen of silver and hung like festoons of carnival or like funereal
decorations for the mourning of the dead. The pine green was resplendent. The bald cypresses spread
themselves along the water courses while the willows wept as they always did. Mr. Bradford was conscious
of this gorgeous display of nature.

A. Exhibition
B. Disguise
C. Identity
D. Pretentiousness
Answer: A

Question 6:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Described in treatises mainly published between 1768 and 1950 (such as William Holdsworth and
William Aldridge’s Natural short-Hand), musical stenography used quickly written squiggles and dots in an
attempt to preserve, in print and in real time, the ______ features of live performances—those that result from
impromptu deviations of performers when fidelity to an established musical score is not mandated.

A. inevitable
B. inconspicuous
C. extemporaneous
D. meticulous
Answer: C

Question 7:
As used in the text, what does the word "conceivable" most nearly mean?

The following text is adapted from Mary Seacole's 1857 autobiography Wonderful Adventures of
Mrs. Seacole in Many Lands.That journey across the Isthmus [of Panama], insignificant in distance as it was,
was by no means an easy one. It seemed as if nature had determined to throw every conceivable obstacle in
the way of those who should seek to join the two great oceans of the world.

A. Persuasive
B. Permanent
C. Obvious
D. Imaginable
Answer: D

Question 8:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The plaice is ectothermic, or cold-blooded, and the southern bluefin tuna is a regional endotherm,
meaning that parts of its body are typically warmer than the surrounding water. The basking shark had been
classified as a full ectotherm, a position that became ______ after researchers Haley R. Dolton and colleagues
showed that the basking shark’s body temperature is consistently 1.0 to 1.5 °C warmer than the water.

A. inconsolable
B. untenable
C. unequivocal
D. unanticipated
Answer: B

Question 9:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Hunting Expedition is an important work of Nihonga, or classical Japanese painting. Unlike Wada
Eisaku, who adopted traditional European methods such as painting with oil on canvas, Domoto Inshõ _____
traditional Japanese approaches. For instance, Domoto produced Hunting Expedition by applying color
pigments to a silk screen.

A. rejected
B. ignored
C. released
D. championed
Answer: D

Question 10:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Corrine Walsh and colleagues tested whether soil microorganisms from ecologically different
settings—aspen grove, irrigated pasture, and so on—affect plants’ flavor chemistry. Although they found
associations between plants’ glucosinolates (compounds that produce spicy and bitter flavors) and plants’
growth conditions, variations in glucosinolates could not be ______ soil microbes specifically.

A. forestalled by
B. subverted by
C. attributed to
D. excluded from
Answer: C

Question 11:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Often, the Nobel Prize in Chemistry is given to a single person, such as George de Hevesy in 1943.
But recognition isn’t restricted to _____ individuals. Instead, success in fields like chemistry is usually
achieved through collaboration with other experts, as was the case for Max Ferdinand Perutz, who was
among those awarded for “their studies of the structures of globular proteins.”

A. solitary
B. coordinated
C. considerate
D. coincidental
Answer: A

Question 12:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

In the view of many early Polynesian communities, social inequality was not _____ nature; wealth and
power disparities were regarded as accidents of circumstance rather than fixtures of the cosmic order.

A. superseded by
B. detectable in
C. ameliorated by
D. inherent in
Answer: D

Question 13:
As used in the text, what does the phrase “concern myself with” most nearly mean?

The following text is from Rudolfo Anaya’s 1972 novel Bless Me, Ultima. The young narrator is eating
breakfast with his two sisters in their home in rural New Mexico.I sat across the table from Deborah and
Teresa and ate my atole and the hot tortilla with butter. I said very little. I usually spoke very little to my two
sisters. They were older than I and they were very close. They usually spent the entire day in the attic, playing
dolls and giggling. I did not concern myself with those things.©1972 by Rudolfo Anaya

A. Get angry about
B. Buy
C. Create
D. Care about
Answer: D

Question 14:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Lessons from previous declines in biodiversity can help shape policy recommendations aimed at
preserving species at risk. The factors that contributed to the extinction of the shrub-ox around 9500 BCE
may also be ____ endangered species today.

A. obscured from
B. germane to
C. integrated with
D. predicated ipon
Answer: B

Question 15:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

While modern composers may often get inspiration from past greats like Ludwig van Beethoven, the
extent of their influences is broad. The music of Ernesto Lecuona, for example, can be said to ____ elements
of both the classical European tradition and the social, political, and cultural landscape of his native Cuba.

A. defy
B. neglect
C. foretell
D. exhibit
Answer: D

Question 16:
As used in the text, what does the word “tip” most nearly mean?

The following text is from Jhumpa Lahiri's 2003 novel The Namesake. Gogol, a child, is at a beach in
Massachusetts with his father.He watches his father raise a kite within minutes into the wind, so high that
Gogol must tip his head back in order to see, a rippling speck against the sky. The wind whips around their
ears, turning their faces cold.©2003 by Jhumpa Lahiri

A. Invent
B. Teach
C. Lean
D. Pay
Answer: C

Question 17:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Some cities track pedestrian movements to map their sidewalk networks, but this method often
results in incomplete maps because it can _____ an area with few pedestrians for an area without sidewalks.
To help address this problem, Maryam Hosseini and her team trained a computer program to identify
sidewalks in aerial images of Boston; they found it could not only accurately identify sidewalks in aerial
images of Chicago, it could even distinguish between concrete and asphalt.

A. mistake
B. create
C. search
D. deceive
Answer: A

Question 18:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The subscription model in which consumers who do not deliberately cancel their subscriptions
automatically pay recurring fees for access to products and services benefits retailers when consumer
passivity is high. Many of the 8.5 percent of subscribers who canceled their food and beverage subscriptions
in January 2022 had stopped valuing their subscriptions long before then, but sellers profited from these
customers' ______ in the interim.

A. torpor
B. elasticity
C. evasion
D. brevity
Answer: A

Question 19:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

The minor planet 1061 Pecoenia was named after the plant genus that includes peonies. But most
minor planets are given only an identification number, largely due to there being over 500,000 such bodies
known at present. So while the task of finding a unique name for each minor planet was _____ when few had
been discovered, so many minor planets have since been discovered that the task has become nearly
impossible.

A. substantial
B. insurmountable
C. feasible
D. ambiguous
Answer: C

Question 20:
Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

Run by researchers in Europe, the Survey of Health, Ageing, and Retirement in Europe (SHARE) is an
examination of aging that has attempted to track approximately 120,000 people for several years. Long-
running studies like this need a lot of participants not merely for statistical robustness but also because of
_____, over such a length of time, a substantial number of participants will withdraw or fall out of contact with
the researchers.

A. attrition
B. circumspection
C. impartiality
D. replicability
Answer: A

